neutral	This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.	The church has cracks in the ceiling.
entailment	This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.	The church is filled with song.
neutral	A woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.	The woman is young.
entailment	A woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.	The woman is very happy.
contradiction	A woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.	The woman has been shot.
contradiction	An old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement.	A man walks by an ad.
contradiction	A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at.	Tons of people are gathered around the statue.
entailment	A land rover is being driven across a river.	A Land Rover is splashing water as it crosses a river.
entailment	A blond-haired doctor and her African american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.	A doctor is looking at a book
neutral	A blond-haired doctor and her African american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.	A doctor is studying
contradiction	A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet.	A family is out at a restaurant.
contradiction	3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera.	Three people sit by a busy street bareheaded.
entailment	A man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.	The man is inside.
neutral	Three firefighter come out of subway station.	Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station.
neutral	A person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.	A person is selling coconuts.
entailment	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass.	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass
neutral	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass.	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap.
contradiction	During calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse.	A man ropes a calf successfully.
contradiction	A little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment.	The boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home.
contradiction	Two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them.	Two children are playing catch at a park.
neutral	A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side.	a busy man stands with bodyguards
contradiction	People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.	People slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide.
neutral	A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	A snowboarder gliding over a field of snow
neutral	A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	A snowmobile in a blizzard
entailment	A man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background.	A person is in a garage.
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair.	Some people stand around.
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair.	People run together.
contradiction	A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.	A child wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child
neutral	A person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street.	An old lady pushing a stroller down a busy street.
neutral	People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.	People at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn.
entailment	People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.	People are talking underneath a covering.
contradiction	A girl playing a violin along with a group of people	A girl is washing a load of laundry.
neutral	A girl playing a violin along with a group of people	A group of people are playing in a symphony.
entailment	A woman within an orchestra is playing a violin.	A woman is playing the violin.
contradiction	A woman within an orchestra is playing a violin.	A man is looking in a telescope.
contradiction	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model Ford car.	There are three girls
entailment	Three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps.	Some people are blowing out candles
contradiction	Three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps.	There are peeps in the garden.
entailment	A crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building.	The crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof's edge.
contradiction	2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other.	Two youths were pushing each other.
contradiction	A large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street.	A large number of people wearing black walking down the street.
neutral	A large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street.	A large number of men walking down the street in red and white.
contradiction	A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	A man is sitting on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend.
contradiction	Women of India performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes.	dogs sniff the air
neutral	The man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water.	A man in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard.
contradiction	Five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass.	The three men sit and talk about their lives.
neutral	A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall.	A woman paints a portrait of a person.
entailment	Two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area.	The women were walking downtown
entailment	Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says "HI-POINTE."	The group of people aren't inide of the building.
neutral	The flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.	A flight attendant is standing in front of passengers.
neutral	A man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead.	The men are at church.
neutral	A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches.	A child in a wagon rolls down a hill.
contradiction	a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.	a girl is leaning against the wall
entailment	a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.	a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation
entailment	Bruce Springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall.	Bruce Springsteen is a singer.
neutral	Six dogs swimming in a river.	Six dogs swim across the river.
contradiction	A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.	A man and woman have mug shots taken because they have been arrested.
neutral	A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.	A man and woman take selfies while a woman walks by and judges them.
entailment	Men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus.	Men sit on the bus.
contradiction	Two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.	Two women climbing on a wooden scaffold.
neutral	A bird is flapping its wings on the water.	The duck is swimming in the lake.
entailment	A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.	A young boy is playing in a feild.
entailment	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground.	Six or seven people are standing on a pier.
contradiction	This child is on the library steps.	The child is on the school steps.
neutral	This child is on the library steps.	The child is on the steps inside the library.
entailment	The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball.	The person is playing basketball.
entailment	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.	A boy in a red hood is happy.
contradiction	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.	The boy is upset.
entailment	A newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves.	The couple is having fun.
entailment	A newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves.	The couple just got married.
entailment	A black man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city.	The man is wearing work attire and is walking to his job.
neutral	Several younger people sitting in front of a statue.	several young people sitting outside
neutral	Several younger people sitting in front of a statue.	several young people sitting in a school courtyard
entailment	A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath.	People are in the house.
neutral	A goofy looking woman is singing on stage.	A blonde woman is singing and dancing on the stage.
entailment	A man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains.	A family on vacation is posing.
neutral	Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor.	Two couples eat food on a kitchen floor.
contradiction	Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor.	Two couples play pool in a bar.
neutral	A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.	The girl is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival.
entailment	A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.	The girl is eating while barefoot.
contradiction	A black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement.	the man is asian
contradiction	A basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on.	A man is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe.
neutral	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him.	He is wearing a button-up shirt.
neutral	A group of people gathered at night watching an event.	A group of humans are looking at the same direction.
entailment	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white.	The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white.
contradiction	A person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd.	A person is dancing and singing.
neutral	A girl holding a beverage points at a painting.	The girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage.
neutral	A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.	A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up the old meat he took out of a bag.
entailment	A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.	A man in a shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
neutral	A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.	A person in red is moving grass on a John Deer motor.
entailment	A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.	A person in red is cutting the grass on a riding mower
entailment	Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.	A group of people go down the road in a convertible.
neutral	Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.	Froends ride in an open top vehicle together.
entailment	Two men prepare a fish at a dock.	Two men are cleaning their fish
entailment	A man in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter.	The person behind the counter is a man.
contradiction	A large group of people walking in a busy city at night.	People are outside in a park.
neutral	A woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people.	A woman is on her phone sitting in a room.
neutral	A biker races.	The biker loses the race
contradiction	A biker races.	The car is yellow
entailment	Island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work.	The men are finishing their day of work.
entailment	These are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole.	The adults are young
contradiction	These are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole.	The adults are old
entailment	Two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback.	A college football game.
contradiction	Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.	A pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park.
entailment	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.	The golden dog is playing ball with another dog outside.
neutral	People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall.	The people are going up on the escalator.
neutral	A woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.	A woman is at work.
neutral	A boy is riding down the road between two cows.	A boy rides a horse by two cows.
entailment	A boy is riding down the road between two cows.	A boy, a road and two cows.
contradiction	There are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.	The performers are playing bagpipes.
neutral	Two men are standing in a boat.	A few men are fishing on a boat.
contradiction	The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.	The child is riding a swing in the rain.
entailment	The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.	A child rides a swing in the daytime.
contradiction	Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.	The people are watching what is happening.
entailment	Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.	People are conducting business in the city.
neutral	A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick.	The man is in the kitchen of a restaurant.
entailment	A woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.	A woman plays tennis.
neutral	A woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.	Serina Williams plays tennis.
contradiction	A woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.	Pete Sampras plays tennis.
entailment	Several women are playing volleyball.	They women are hitting a ball with their arms
entailment	Several women are playing volleyball.	This doesn't look like soccer
entailment	Several women are playing volleyball.	A bunch of women are playing volleyball
neutral	Two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches.	12 ladies play volleyball
contradiction	A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders.	A group of people are changing a bike tire.
entailment	A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders.	A group of people ride bikes together down a street.
contradiction	People are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets.	A group of friends are grabbing their bikes, getting ready for the morning bike ride
entailment	A middle eastern marketplace.	A middle easten store.
neutral	a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.	A woman dressed in black shops for a bicycle.
entailment	Four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle.	four men play drums
entailment	A man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose.	The man is riding a bike.
contradiction	A man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building.	The man is pacing nervously.
neutral	A man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building.	The man can hear the construction going on.
contradiction	A boy hits a tennis ball on a court.	A girl is hitting the ball.
entailment	A golden retriever nurses puppies.	Puppies next to their mother
neutral	A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.	A man was wearing a jacket in winter.
contradiction	A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.	Someone wearing a cotton shirt was looking at a green hair comb.
neutral	A man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence.	The man wearing the vest is walking down the street.
entailment	These girls are having a great time looking for seashells.	The girls are happy.
entailment	A young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it.	a small boy is holding a kettle that will soon be filled
contradiction	Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk.	People and a baby riding the bus.
contradiction	A woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower.	The flower is blue
entailment	Several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television.	Some men are watching TV at a bar.
neutral	Several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television.	There are men drinking beer at a sports bar.
entailment	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	Two men are wearing lime green jackets.
contradiction	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	A woman chastises another.
neutral	A woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her.	An artist relaxes in her studio.
neutral	Children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower.	The children are martial arts students.
neutral	A woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving.	A woman is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat.
neutral	A group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.	A bunch of people are in a wooden object on the water.
neutral	A group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.	A group of people are rowing towards some islands while one of them fishes.
neutral	A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.	A man who kidnap a baby is petting a pony.
entailment	A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.	A man with a baby is petting a pony.
neutral	A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.	A man and his daughter are petting a pony.
entailment	Men sitting on the side of a brick road.	me are sitting on the side of a road
neutral	Men sitting on the side of a brick road.	men are talking on the side of the road
contradiction	A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water.	A dog is avoiding the water.
neutral	A young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.	A girl is standing outside.
neutral	many children play in the water.	Some kids splash in the water and interact with each other.
contradiction	many children play in the water.	The children are playing mini golf.
entailment	A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation.	The kids are in deep water
contradiction	a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage.	A woman climber attempts to pull herself up
neutral	a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery.	A man has on climbing gear.
entailment	Two formally dressed, bald older women	Two bald women.
neutral	Two formally dressed, bald older women	Two bald women with glasses.
contradiction	Two formally dressed, bald older women	Two long-haired young women.
entailment	an old shoemaker in his factory	The shoemaker is inside.
contradiction	an old shoemaker in his factory	The shoemaker is getting ready for his 16th birthday.
neutral	an old shoemaker in his factory	The shoemaker is wealthy.
contradiction	The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.	Woman is keeping the paper to herself.
neutral	A young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river.	A clever person balancing.
entailment	A young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park.	A guy with a skateboard is looking at a park to skateboard.
contradiction	A young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park.	A girl with a ponytail is riding a bike at a park.
contradiction	Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.	A young boy is playing soccer.
neutral	Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.	A young boy is sleeping at a sleep over.
entailment	Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.	A young boy is sleeping on a pillow.
neutral	A man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper.	He is jewish.
contradiction	Four children are playing in some water.	The children are doing chores.
contradiction	Four young girls playing in the water.	There are boys and girl in the water.
neutral	Four young girls playing in the water.	Four girls are swimming.
entailment	The man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something.	The man is in a black shirt.
neutral	Boys with their backs against an incoming wave.	A group of people play in the ocean.
neutral	Boys with their backs against an incoming wave.	A group of people sit on the beach.
entailment	Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.	A wave is about hit some boys.
entailment	Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.	A giant wave is about to crash on some boys.
neutral	One man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.	Two men are fighting outside a bar.
contradiction	One man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.	A woman puts on makeup
contradiction	Many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words "The Early November" on the wall.	People leave as the concert is decides to charge per note
neutral	A hockey player in helmet.	Players are wearing helmet.
neutral	A hockey player in helmet.	They are playing hockey
neutral	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also.	A man is wearing a blue shirt.
contradiction	A young man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him.	two men are at the pool.
neutral	couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.	THE COUPLE ARE EATING STEAK
entailment	couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.	SOME ANIMALS ARE ASLEEP
contradiction	couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.	THERE IS A COUPLE WALKING THEIR DOGS
contradiction	A white duck expanding its wings in the water.	The duck is a rare breed, most thought to have been driven into extinction years ago.
neutral	A group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.	a group of people wait
neutral	A group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.	a group of people stand
entailment	A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.	The man and woman are sitting.
contradiction	A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.	The man and woman are standing.
contradiction	A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.	A father looks at his wife and son.
neutral	Man and woman eating a hotdog.	A man and woman are eating a hotdog at a baseball game.
neutral	An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computer and a Geek Squad sign in the background.	The employee is wearing a blue shirt.
entailment	A carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built.	A workman is helping put a roof on a house.
contradiction	Two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom.	The boys are bare-chested.
entailment	Two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.	Two boys washing their hands
contradiction	Two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.	The boys are in band uniforms
neutral	A naked man rides a bike.	A naked red haired man on a bike on a busy street.
contradiction	Two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign.	These two illiterate men convinced their dog to write a panhandling sign for them.
entailment	Two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash.	Two homeless men lean against a wall with a dog.
neutral	A woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam	A woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam.
entailment	Six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain.	six people act together to get another, injured man on a transport in snowy terrain
entailment	Six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain.	six people act to save a seventh who is injured
contradiction	Six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain.	six people get ready to eat a seventh who is injured
contradiction	A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat	A man wearing football pads.
neutral	The boys are playing with Legos.	Boys are playing outside.
entailment	A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.	People are buying food from a street vendor.
neutral	Three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background.	Some sailors get in a sailboat.
contradiction	Man holding torch of fire.	The man is holding a bag.
entailment	A crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background.	the crowd of people are shopping.
entailment	A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.	A child is inside a car.
contradiction	Five children playing soccer chase after a ball.	There are ten total children playing.
neutral	A woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard.	a woman stands with her child
neutral	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand.	A boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand.
entailment	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand.	A boy swims.
neutral	Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.	Some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying.
neutral	Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.	Some people are holding beers in the picture.
neutral	Two people crossing by each other while kite surfing.	The people are both males.
contradiction	Two people crossing by each other while kite surfing.	There is one person outdoors.
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.	The people are unique.
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.	The people are creative.
contradiction	A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.	The people are bickering about politics.
contradiction	A woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work.	The woman in black is not walking to work.
entailment	A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game.	A pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium
contradiction	A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game.	A man is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset
neutral	A family walking with a soldier.	A few people walk with a man in uniform.
contradiction	A family walking with a soldier.	The barber cuts a man's hair.
entailment	Violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater.	People are playing violin on stage.
entailment	A mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge.	A mother and daughter are walking.
neutral	Boy in midair on bicycle	The boy is falling off of his bicycle.
contradiction	Boy in midair on bicycle	The boy is afraid to ride his bicycle so he lets it sit in the garage and collect rust.
entailment	Three dogs running through a field.	Three dogs are running
neutral	Three dogs running through a field.	Three dogs are running in the daytime
contradiction	Three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water.	4 fisherman are hanging over the boat, trying to pet the shark
entailment	A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks.	a guy with a blue top carries a pack and makes his way through snow
contradiction	A female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street.	There are children in the streets.
contradiction	A young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.	A young man in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painted nicely.
entailment	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium.	Fans cheering on their team at the big game.
entailment	Female gymnasts warm up before a competition.	Gymnasts get ready for a competition.
contradiction	Female gymnasts warm up before a competition.	Football players practice.
contradiction	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction.	The unemployed person is near a building.
neutral	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction.	A man is atop of a building.
entailment	A young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present.	a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box
contradiction	A young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present.	a child fights a bag, the bag is winning
contradiction	A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground.	A child does a cannonball into a pool.
contradiction	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys watching a superhero show.
entailment	A man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street.	The man is driving a buggy.
contradiction	Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene.	A man enjoying the view of the golden gate bridge.
contradiction	An old man looking over a sculpture.	The man is young
entailment	An old man looking over a sculpture.	the man is old
entailment	The soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red.	The soccer team in blue plays soccer.
neutral	Two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other.	Two children are sitting shirtless indoors
contradiction	Workers standing on a lift.	Workers walk home from work
neutral	Two people talking on a dock.	fishermen at the dock
contradiction	a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip.	The young girl looks through the telescope.
entailment	A golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background.	The golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd watching in the background.
neutral	A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.	a child in a black ninja suit does a kick
neutral	Three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.	Men are having a conversation outside.
neutral	A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.	A person is sitting outside
contradiction	A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time!	A man is cooking with a bunch of ovens.
contradiction	A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.	A man takes a picture of a woman
neutral	A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.	A man is with a cowboy
entailment	Four women are taking a walk down an icy road.	The women are walking on the ice.
entailment	A man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.	A man is shooting a gun at targets on a nice day.
neutral	Five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television.	Five men watch tv.
contradiction	Five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television.	Some people are at work.
neutral	A man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it.	The man is sitting in front of a school.
contradiction	A man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it.	The man is standing in front of a building.
contradiction	People seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.	A group of people are sitting at the tables sharing a meal.
neutral	An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.	A person makes dinner.
contradiction	An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.	A man cleans the kitchen.
neutral	Four women competitively rollerskating around an area.	Four women enjoying rollerskating.
entailment	Four women competitively rollerskating around an area.	Women rollerskating around an are
contradiction	Four women competitively rollerskating around an area.	four men are rollerskating.
entailment	A group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival.	A group of cleaners after a parade.
neutral	A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.	There are two guys above the water.
neutral	A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.	Two guys are on a lake.
neutral	Several women wearing dresses dance in the forest.	The women are older
entailment	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall.
contradiction	The back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds.	There was a dog inside.
neutral	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.	a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog
entailment	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.	dog is running and being chased by another dog
neutral	Two children and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure.	A woman and her kids climb up the stairs
entailment	A man is sitting on the floor, sleeping.	A man is sleeping on the floor.
entailment	A man is sitting on the floor, sleeping.	A young man is sleeping while in the sitting position.
contradiction	A brown dog jumps over an obstacle.	The dog is in a pool.
contradiction	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.	A dog is carrying an object down a grassy side.
entailment	A group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick.	A person is doing tricks in front of crowd.
entailment	A group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick.	Tricks are made by a person in a red jacket while people watching him.
contradiction	A group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick.	Man who wears red jacket got an accident.
contradiction	Two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.	Two men are hammering.
entailment	Two strong men work to saw a log.	two strong men are working
contradiction	Two strong men work to saw a log.	two strong men are having a beer
neutral	A black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background.	The men are novices at martial arts.
contradiction	A black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background.	The men are blackbelts.
entailment	A black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background.	A man is wearing a red belt.
neutral	Two ladies at workout in mother nature.	The ladies are kickboxing.
entailment	A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.	The man is bike riding.
neutral	A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.	The man is riding a dirt bike.
neutral	A group of people in an alley looking at the camera.	People are hanging out together
neutral	A group of people in an alley looking at the camera.	People are taking a picture
contradiction	A group of people in an alley looking at the camera.	People are on their computer
entailment	A group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them.	Shoppers purchasing vegetables at a busy public market.
contradiction	An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street.	An Asian man is reading the paper.
neutral	An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street.	An Asian man is selling food.
neutral	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard.	Two dogs hiding in the yard together.
contradiction	A man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat.	Two women dressed in opposing team colors of brown and black and red and black fight in a karate match.
entailment	A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water.	The child s playing on the beach.
neutral	A man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick.	A man sits by himself at Mardi Gras.
entailment	A man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick.	A man with a walking stick sits by himself.
neutral	A tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch.	The tree appears to be dead.
contradiction	A child plays with her father's boots.	A child is playing with her mothers' shoe.
entailment	A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.	The female gymnast is training.
contradiction	A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.	The female gymnast is on her way to the gym.
entailment	A woman in a white hijab digs into the ground.	the lady digs into the ground
neutral	A woman in a white hijab digs into the ground.	the lady digs into the ground for gold
entailment	A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island.	A man on Easter Island.
contradiction	A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island.	A child hunts for easter eggs.
entailment	Three women are smiling and making cupcakes.	The three women are happy about baking cupcakes.
entailment	The farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed.	Men in overalls work to fix a tractor.
entailment	The farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed.	Overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor.
contradiction	Two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.	The equipment is being pulled by sheep.
contradiction	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act.	A skier down the road skiying
neutral	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act.	A skier teaching others a trick
entailment	Three young boys enjoying a day at the beach.	The boys are in the beach
entailment	Three young boys enjoying a day at the beach.	The boys are young
contradiction	Three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him.	The boy holds down his laughing nephew as his sister sprays him with water.
contradiction	Three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him.	The three girls hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him.
neutral	A dog runs.	The dog is running outside
contradiction	A dog runs.	The dog is walking
contradiction	A black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand.	A family skeet shooting
neutral	A group of kids play on a colorful structure.	A group of kids are outdoors.
entailment	One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.	The man is confused.
contradiction	One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.	The man is not confused.
entailment	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves.	The man are covering themselves in clothing.
contradiction	two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	The dogs are eating from their dog bowls.
entailment	A group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub.	a group of friends are at the table
contradiction	A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.	A person is falling off their bicycle.
neutral	A man is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics.	The man works at E.S.E Electronics.
entailment	An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store.	Black man poses in front of E.S.E. sign after making a purchase at a store.
entailment	A girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse.	A girl is brushing a horse.
entailment	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him.	A male guitarist playing his intrument for children.
contradiction	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him.	A guitarist sitting on stage.
neutral	A girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.	The girl is outside.
contradiction	A girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.	The girl is ready to go swimming.
neutral	A crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them.	A group of people walk through tear gas.
neutral	An Asian woman enjoys a nice treat	The Asian woman is eating ice cream.
contradiction	An Asian woman enjoys a nice treat	A business man is hurrying to work.
contradiction	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle.	A girl tripped on herself before she attempt to jump over a hurdle.
neutral	A woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.	The woman is sitting next to someone.
entailment	A woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.	The woman has red toenails.
contradiction	A woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.	The woman is standing.
entailment	A man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says "Coast Gas".	A man is sitting on a truck.
neutral	A man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says "Coast Gas".	A man is sitting on a truck at a gas station.
entailment	This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids.	This person is on a river
neutral	A man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle.	A robber is in a police car.
contradiction	A man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle.	A woman is showing her head while riding on a horse
entailment	A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off.	The jockey is trying not to fall off the horse.
entailment	Children bathe in water from large drums.	The kids are taking a bath.
entailment	Children bathe in water from large drums.	The kids are not reading.
neutral	A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground.	A man is on on skis on the mountain.
contradiction	A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground.	A man is snowboarding.
contradiction	A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.	A skateboarder is in his backyard wrestling with his friends.
entailment	A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a ride
contradiction	A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing monopoly with his brother
contradiction	A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.	A woman is teaching a ballet class composed of middle aged men holding white scarves.
entailment	A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.	A woman is teaching a ballet class.
neutral	A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.	A woman is teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding green and red scarves.
neutral	A bare chested smiling child plays in water.	There is a child getting naked in the water.
neutral	A bare chested smiling child plays in water.	There is a naked child in the water.
entailment	The two boys are swimming with boogie boards.	The two boys are swimming with their floats
neutral	The two boys are swimming with boogie boards.	The two boys are swimming and catching a wave
contradiction	Three girls are standing and talking to each other.	Three girls are seated
neutral	Three girls are standing and talking to each other.	Three girls are laughing
entailment	Two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard	Both of the men are walking.
neutral	Three children are playing with an illuminated water art display.	Three children are swearing at an illuminated water art display
entailment	A woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball.	A woman is playing tennis.
neutral	A woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball.	A woman had a tennis racquet.
neutral	A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.	A woman is getting up to get some water
entailment	Here is an announcement for everybody about the beach.	The beach has an announcement.
neutral	A person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether.	The helmet has a stripe on it.
contradiction	A group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen.	The kids are looking through a telescope.
neutral	A group of men and boys look upwards at something.	A group of coaches are showing their team the scoreboard.
neutral	A girl jumps in the air.	A jump roping girl.
neutral	A girl jumps in the air.	A girl jumps high.
entailment	Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.	Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys
neutral	kids are looking at something on a table.	Some kids are looking at an insect on the kitchen table.
neutral	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is taking pictures of himself with his phone.
contradiction	A person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape.	A snowman is taking photos of his friends.
entailment	A person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape.	Next to a snowman a person poses for a picture with it.
neutral	kid holding handles on two wheeled object	The kid is riding a bike.
neutral	A man is walking in the street.	A buisness man is talking a walk on his lunchbreak.
entailment	The big dog is checking out the smaller dog.	A big dog watching over a smaller dog.
contradiction	A man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire.	A boy is riding a wave on his surfboard.
contradiction	A woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it.	A woman sitting next to a stop sign near a rest stop bathroom outside.
neutral	A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.	The person is in a race.
neutral	A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.	The person is riding a big wheel.
neutral	An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side.	The man is on his cell phone.
entailment	An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side.	An expensive car is parked.
entailment	Man and women standing under a red umbrella.	They stood under the umbrella.
contradiction	Man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch.	A man writes his sports story
contradiction	A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera.	A man holding grapes poses for a painting.
neutral	A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette.	A man is shopping in a grocery store.
entailment	Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.	A person in a polka dot outfit is handing out orange juice behind a caution area.
neutral	Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.	A woman is wearing a polka dot outfit, in the middle of a dangerous scene, passing out orange juice.
entailment	A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee.	A woman is having a chat.
entailment	A man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign.	A man in an army uniform is meeting someone.
contradiction	A man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign.	A man in a navy uniform is meeting his wife.
neutral	The firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket.	The person under the blanket is dead.
entailment	The firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket.	The firefighters have finished a job.
entailment	Indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	Men are selling food on the sidewalk.
contradiction	Indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	Men are buying food on the sidewalk.
contradiction	People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.	People are standing on the pavement
contradiction	Three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.	The three men were telling jokes on stage to entertain the crowd
entailment	A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.	A man walks with his cow.
neutral	A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.	A man leads a cow to be milked.
contradiction	A man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve.	the man is going to the store
neutral	Soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building.	Soldiers are holding guns and peeking around an extremely small building.
contradiction	Three men in Soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building.	There are people avoiding traffic on a busy New York street.
contradiction	A man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper.	A woman watches as a man reads a paper.
neutral	A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.	a woman at a beach
entailment	A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.	The man watches the other clean a fish.
contradiction	A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.	The man in an orange shirt watches another man wash dishes.
contradiction	A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.	A couple looks at porn.
neutral	A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.	The couple poses together.
contradiction	Two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses.	Women are outside at a riding competition where they watch men compete.
contradiction	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing.	A beautiful statue of a man.
entailment	A plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera.	A plane flies in the sky.
neutral	Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him.	A bully tries to pop a balloon without being caught in the act.
entailment	A man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume.	A man dances with a woman in costume
entailment	The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.	The pitcher throws the ball.
entailment	A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.	A dog is chasing a ball.
entailment	Some men and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area.	People play frisbee outdoors.
contradiction	Some men and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area.	A group of people play football.
entailment	A musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with "Whatever it Takes" written on his guitar.	The musician is singing.
contradiction	A pale colored dog runs through a body of water.	A dog runs through a field.
neutral	A girl crosscountry skis.	A girl is wearing a cap.
neutral	A lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.	The lady cooks meat
neutral	A lone person is walking in front of a white building.	A person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand.
contradiction	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.	Pretzels are poisonous.
neutral	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.	There is salt on the pretzels.
entailment	A guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	A man is eating a marshmallow.
entailment	A guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	A guy bites into a freshly opened marshmallow chick
entailment	A man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man.	A man with a cat.
neutral	A man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man.	A man taking his cat with him while running some errands.
neutral	A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.	A lady shopping.
entailment	An old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey.	The man talks to the performer.
contradiction	An organ grinder, in World War I helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt.	Two men in formal attire are waiting outside restaurant at night.
entailment	An organ grinder, in World War I helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt.	Two men are seated on a park bench, one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt.
contradiction	Mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake.	A mom is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying.
entailment	A very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt.	A car does a burn out.
neutral	A young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.	A man trims a tree
entailment	Players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an AstroTurf field.	They struggle to gain control over a ball.
contradiction	Players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an AstroTurf field.	The players are having a party.
entailment	A woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill.	A woman is beginning to cook.
neutral	Two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass.	The animals are playing catch.
entailment	A girl laying on the ground on her cellphone.	a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground
neutral	A girl laying on the ground on her cellphone.	a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground next to a dog
contradiction	A man is renovating a room.	A man is laying outside in the grass.
neutral	A man is renovating a room.	A man is using a hammer in a room.
contradiction	Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.	A young man is on a farm.
entailment	Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.	A young man is perfoming a good skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area.
entailment	Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.	There is a guy performing a skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area.
contradiction	Two young girls hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.	Two girls are in a room with red curtains.
entailment	Two young girls hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.	Two girls are decorating their Christmas tree.
neutral	Two young girls hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.	Two girls are happy and getting into the spirit of Christmas.
contradiction	A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	A boy standing upright on a skateboard.
contradiction	A man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops.	A woman wearing an evening gown is at a party.
neutral	A man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops.	A man wearing strange clothing is being stared at by shoppers.
contradiction	Three people sitting on some stairs laughing.	The dogs are laughing.
contradiction	3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.	Girls are not having a good time.
neutral	3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.	Girls are at school.
contradiction	Shipyard workers are standing around.	Shipyard workers are unloading the ships
neutral	Shipyard workers are standing around.	Shipyard workers are standing on the docks
entailment	A skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background.	A person with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks.
contradiction	A skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background.	Two horse chase after a man holding a carrot.
entailment	A skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background.	A skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe about to jump down.
contradiction	A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger.	A kid on a bike.
neutral	an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue.	There is a man outdoors playing an instrument
contradiction	A person crossing a bridge with train tracks.	There was a woman tip-toeing across the train tracks.
entailment	A person crossing a bridge with train tracks.	The bridge had train tracks across it.
contradiction	A person crossing a bridge with train tracks.	A person jumped off the side of the bridge.
entailment	A man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing.	A man in a black suit is standing next to a man in a blue outfit.
contradiction	A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside.	People are having a picnic.
entailment	First Lady Laura Bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the White House Conference on Global Literacy.	The former First Lady is at the podium for a conference.
contradiction	First Lady Laura Bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the White House Conference on Global Literacy.	George Bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience
contradiction	Times Square in New York.	Times Square is in California.
entailment	Times Square in New York.	Times Square is a place.
neutral	A man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go.	An extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters
neutral	Two men and a Frisbee	Two men playing with a Frisbee.
entailment	A blue truck is driving on a desert road carrying several people and lots of assorted cargo.	A truck driving
entailment	A shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup.	A man is sitting crisscross
contradiction	A shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup.	A woman is walking
contradiction	One woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair.	The ball is on the floor.
neutral	Military personnel are shopping	Military personnel are in the mall.
contradiction	Military personnel are shopping	People in the military are training.
contradiction	Two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy.	The dogs are chasing a rabbit.
contradiction	A woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock.	The green clock wears black capri pants in front of the woman.
neutral	A woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock.	It is noon.
neutral	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse.	There are people at the hospital.
neutral	A middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen.	A chef is near a food truck.
neutral	a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
entailment	Two adult men in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoking torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment.	Two men hold torches to celebrate
contradiction	A black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut.	A man drinking coconut water.
neutral	A patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses.	A man is at the doctor.
neutral	a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table.	A young woman is smiling and looking away from the camera.
neutral	a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around.	A boy reads a mystery book.
neutral	A large crowd of people talking to each other.	People speak a variety of different languages.
entailment	An older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind.	4 older woman are walking
neutral	A man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him.	A man is sick next to the toilet.
entailment	A homeless man carries a sign that says "hungry".	The man does not have a home.
contradiction	People dressed in traditional Japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.	People dressed like circus clowns entertain at a child's birthday party.
contradiction	A man shows off his spider-web face paint.	The little girl asks her father to pick her up.
contradiction	Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign.	A man laying down
contradiction	Boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him.	A boy in white pajamas plays.
neutral	A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him.	The young boy is asleep while the woman is watching television.
contradiction	A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	A girl poses for a selfie with her mother.
contradiction	Sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.	Sports team members are having lunch.
entailment	Sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.	Team members of a sport is relaxing after practice.
contradiction	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.	Some women are wrapping gifts.
neutral	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.	People are standing on a sidewalk.
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side.	Two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side.
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side.	Two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside.
contradiction	A sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance.	A vendor talks to a customer
neutral	A sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance.	A woman vendor gazes into the distance.
entailment	An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.	The ambulance isn't stopped by heavy traffic
contradiction	An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.	The man in the bandana is running after the ambulance
entailment	A young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows.	A boy runs across a road in front of an abandoned building.
contradiction	Boys in what appears to be a library or school room.	Boys are playing outside.
entailment	3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label Galina and another the label Inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue.	Three women are running.
entailment	A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas.	A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas
entailment	A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.	A gentleman with no chest hair, wrangles his way through a toilet seat.
neutral	A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.	A man does magic tricks.
entailment	A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.	A contortionist fits his head and arms through a toilet seat.
contradiction	A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.	A woman walks along with a can of soda in his hand.
entailment	Some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.	There are men trying to push a car in snow.
neutral	Some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.	These men pushing the car off a cliff is from a scene in the movie Fargo.
neutral	Two children are swimming in a pool.	Two kids are in a swimming race.
entailment	The man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.	An old man is making pottery to sell.
contradiction	The man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.	A woman is soaking her feet.
entailment	A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.	A man sitting on top of a mountain.
neutral	A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.	A rugged man sits atop a mountain.
contradiction	Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background	The boats jumped up from a shallow rock.
entailment	Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.	The cyclist was riding near the ocean at sunset.
contradiction	A person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.	A child is taking pictures of an adult.
neutral	A person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.	A photographer is working.
neutral	A child stands in a shower with clothes on.	A child's clothes are full of mud in the shower
entailment	A child stands in a shower with clothes on.	A clothed child is in the shower
entailment	A solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event.	The man is entered in a event.
contradiction	Two men cool off under a waterfall.	Two women are under a waterfall.
contradiction	A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.	the man and his son were watching a parade
entailment	A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.	a man and a boy were riding bikes through town on the sidewalk
neutral	A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.	the man and the boy were in town
neutral	Three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.	The men's bikes broke.
neutral	A group of men are riding a moving walkway.	A groups of men at the airport are riding a moving walkway.
contradiction	The man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale.	A man is being served a dish in a restaurant.
neutral	A lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text "CAFE DE FLO" visible on the cafe canopy banner.	A businessman walks by a closed cafe.
contradiction	A lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text "CAFE DE FLO" visible on the cafe canopy banner.	A man walks by an open cafe named "Cafe De Flo"
contradiction	A woman holding bags behind plantains.	The woman is holding old trashcans to carry various objecs.
entailment	Three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field.	There are some players chasing a ball.
entailment	A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures.	A man sitting on the floor with pictures around him.
contradiction	a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class.	A woman in a brown dress is a murderous clown at a birthday party.
entailment	A classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation.	The college class of mostly females watched a presentation.
entailment	A classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation.	The class of mostly females watched a presentation.
entailment	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition.	A swimmer is swimming
contradiction	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition.	A man is riding a bike
contradiction	A young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window.	A woman holding her sleeping son while walking down the street.
entailment	A young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window.	A woman holding her sleeping son looks out a window.
contradiction	Band plays in tight quarters.	The group of people are walking on the sidewalk in the city.
neutral	Three women sit together near woven walls.	The woven walls are multicolored.
entailment	Three women sit together near woven walls.	Three women sit together.
contradiction	A band playing on stage in a club.	The stage crew is cleaning the stage
entailment	A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd.	A woman performs for the crowd.
entailment	A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd.	The woman is a street performer.
neutral	Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch	Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts
entailment	Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch	Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
entailment	A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists.	An astronaut training underwater.
contradiction	A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock.	The rock is on a skateboard.
neutral	One woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.	Women taking pictures of each other at a restaurant.
entailment	One woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.	Women taking pictures of each other.
entailment	A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.	The ledge is made of a hard substance.
contradiction	Dog running through the snow.	A dog tries out frozen water.
contradiction	An elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs.	The woman is in her teens.
entailment	An elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs.	A woman is sitting in a chair.
entailment	A large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole.	people watch men in kilts
entailment	A man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole.	A man is wearing a skirt.
entailment	Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing.	Kids are sightseeing
neutral	Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing.	The kids are on a fieldtrip
entailment	A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.	A woman is crying.
neutral	A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.	A woman cries because her husband left.
contradiction	Six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.	2 women are talking
entailment	Six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.	Sin men are in tuxedos
neutral	A young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm.	The young boy is outside.
neutral	This is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people.	The roller coaster ride is made from wood.
entailment	A caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth.	A man is holding a unicycle in a curious manner.
contradiction	kid practicing karate move	A man is practicing a karate move.
neutral	A young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in London.	A young man waits outdoors in London on a bench.
contradiction	A young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in London.	The young man is 60 years old.
entailment	Some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door.	The kids are playing soccer.
entailment	Rock band on stage immersed in light show.	There is a light show.
contradiction	The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled.	A man has dropped a ball.
neutral	The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled.	A quarterback is holding a ball.
entailment	A group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.	A group of people are standing around with smiles are their faces, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.
neutral	A group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.	There are a few unhappy people here.
neutral	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	A fan has his moment
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment the fan saw the light
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment has it's fan
neutral	A man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on.	The man is wearing khakis.
neutral	A little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach.	A boy is watching a boat float by.
neutral	Three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle.	A group of women went for a motorcycle ride.
entailment	Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone.	A man is in his house.
neutral	A group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields.	The police are controlling an unruly crowd.
contradiction	Street vendors preparing and serving grilled food.	A restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food.
entailment	A male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways.	The man is windsurfing on the ocean.
contradiction	A man is using what looks to be a fax machine.	A woman is using what looks to be a fax machine.
entailment	An Asian man is praying at a Buddhist temple.	A man is practicing his religion.
contradiction	An Asian man is praying at a Buddhist temple.	The man is making noise and bothering others.
contradiction	A band performing at a local bar or club.	The band is playing music at a large venue
neutral	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.	a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street
contradiction	A group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival.	The group of people are scuba divers.
contradiction	A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog.	A dog sells a woman a hat.
contradiction	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk.	Two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for  fun
neutral	Africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background.	The  people are in Africa
entailment	Africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background.	The people are walking in the dirt
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests work on fence.	Guys working outside.
entailment	A dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd.	A man in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards.
entailment	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.	A fat woman is wearing a shirt.
entailment	A man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool	A man is swimming in an indoor pool.
neutral	An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street.	A man on crutches is trying to cross the street.
contradiction	An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street.	A man with a walking stick is next to the street.
entailment	A young man, wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier.	The young man is a guitar player
contradiction	An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.	A young woman drank a lot of soda.
neutral	An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.	An old man collects soda cans.
entailment	An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.	An old man smiles in front of soda cans.
contradiction	A toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air.	The bubble machine makes candy.
neutral	Two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby.	The two men are taking a lunch break.
neutral	Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.	Man stares at a painting in a museum.
neutral	Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.	Man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds.
entailment	Three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard.	The three adults are outside in the garden.
contradiction	A group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks.	They bike around together laughing gleefully
entailment	A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.	The girl is sitting on the beach.
contradiction	A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.	The girl runs through the grass outside her school.
contradiction	A man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk.	A man in a gray shirt is outdoors.
neutral	A young boy plays on a pile of rocks.	A boy is playing army with action figures on rocks.
neutral	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts.	Three small dogs run through the grass during the day
entailment	A woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking.	The two women are amused.
contradiction	A woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking.	The women are angry.
entailment	A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod.	A woman is setting up a camera on a tripod
contradiction	a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration.	A woman grabs a man's crotch during a protest.
neutral	A dog and a cow play together inside the fence.	A dog and cow are playing with hay.
contradiction	People looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror	People look their reflection in a regular mirror.
neutral	A small child is riding in a red wagon.	A kid is playing inside the house.
neutral	A small child is riding in a red wagon.	A kid is in a wagon and someone is pulling it.
neutral	A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.	Someone made one of the girls cry.
entailment	A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.	Two girls are wearing blue shirts.
contradiction	A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.	Two boys are playing together.
contradiction	Three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background.	Four friends at the beach pose in the water.
contradiction	A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.	A man is watching another man skateboard at a park.
contradiction	Three people wearing black blindfolds near a "Salvar O Planeta" sign.	they can all see
contradiction	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water.	The building is being painted.
neutral	A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller.	a woman rests near her baby
entailment	A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller.	a girl eats on a bench near a stroller
neutral	A group of people sitting and knitting.	A group of women are knitting.
contradiction	A young Asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining.	The girl in a blue dress is standing in the rain with an umbrella.
entailment	A young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade.	Women are watching a parade.
entailment	A young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv.	Man in relaxed clothing lounging in a chair watching tv
entailment	A young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv.	Man sitting in a red chair flipping through tv channels.
neutral	A little boy playing outside on the cement.	A boy is playing with a toy car.
entailment	Woman running in a park while listening to music.	A woman jogging in a park.
contradiction	Two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink.	Two men are getting ready to play basketball.
entailment	Two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink.	Hockey players are standing on the ice rink.
entailment	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city.	People rushing to get to work.
neutral	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city.	People waiting at a bus stop.
neutral	An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.	A woman is handling food containers.
entailment	A man in a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large American flag.	A man saluting the American Flag.
contradiction	A lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background.	A lady is filming the party.
entailment	A man preparing to bat in a baseball game.	A man is going to play baseball.
neutral	Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.	the girl is riding down a dirt street
entailment	Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.	the women rides a scooter down the street
contradiction	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water.	The boy is not wet.
neutral	A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.	A woman is wearing a silk shirt.
neutral	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball.	A person is standing on a tennis court.
contradiction	A man working at the top of a telephone pole.	The guy is hunting in the woods.
contradiction	A nighttime street scene of a restaurant.	A nighttime scene of an apartment building.
entailment	A man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw.	the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw
neutral	A female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road.	a woman runs quickly down a road
neutral	The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.	A male has clothes on with his hand holding another young male in front of a painting.
contradiction	The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.	A dad and his kid is fishing in the middle of the Pacific ocean.
neutral	A group of people in black outfits drinking beer.	People drink beer at the pub.
entailment	A group of people at a 4th of july celebration, with one man standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him.	A group are celebrating the 4th of July.
contradiction	A group of people at a 4th of july celebration, with one man standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him.	The group are celebrating Christmas.
entailment	Man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court.	a man is a t a soccor court
entailment	Female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background.	One player on the women's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on.
contradiction	Female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background.	A group of women are soaked from the rain.
entailment	A crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums.	Two men in cultural garb play the drums for a crowd.
neutral	Two dogs are playing catch in a field.	The two dogs are playing with a frisbee.
neutral	Man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something.	A man and his son are looking at something.
contradiction	Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps.	The people are all running very fast in the Boston Marathon.
entailment	Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps.	People are taking a break from their activities.
neutral	A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.	A group of people are helping an accident victim on the highway.
contradiction	A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.	Some firemen are putting out a fire.
entailment	A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.	A group of people are turning over a car.
contradiction	Two men at a table having drinks.	Two women are talking.
entailment	A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.	A girl is pushing a scooter.
entailment	A child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain.	A child sits next to a storm drain.
contradiction	A man is playing drums with a band.	A man is singing with a band.
contradiction	A couple walking down the street.	A couple dancing to music
entailment	Right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.	The right leg is in a brace
neutral	Right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.	The boy is not happy
contradiction	A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest.	The girl is jumping in the air, while she is at the beach.
contradiction	A boy in a swing.	boy swimming
entailment	A dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them.	A woman picks a flower out of a bucket.
entailment	Six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.	A group of construction workers is taking a break.
contradiction	Six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.	A soccer team is standing outside of a building.
neutral	Six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.	A construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building.
contradiction	A young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.	Two young people are angry.
entailment	A young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.	Two young people sit in a black chair happily.
entailment	A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.	Two people sign copies of books.
contradiction	A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.	A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people.
entailment	A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.	Two people sign copies of their latest novel.
contradiction	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it.	The men are playing wind instruments.
neutral	Two men playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains.	A couple people enjoy the water near the mountains.
entailment	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	The dogs are chasing a ball.
contradiction	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	The tennis ball is clean.
entailment	A man standing alone in a park.	a man alone in the park
neutral	A man standing alone in a park.	a man alone in the park up to no good
neutral	A person lies in a grassy area near a building.	A man is outside.
neutral	A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field.	Kids are playing in the field.
contradiction	several people are bike riding.	A team of polo players are practicing with their horses.
entailment	several people are bike riding.	Some people are riding bicycles.
contradiction	A man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.	The man is selling pirated DVDs
entailment	A man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.	A man has long red hair
entailment	Two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.	Two snowboarders race.
entailment	Two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.	Two skateboarders race.
contradiction	A biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain.	A biker rides next to the ocean.
contradiction	A young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.	Luchadores force all other athletes off a competition field with their furious grappling.
contradiction	A woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat.	A gal is holding a stuffed dog.
neutral	A woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat.	A female is posing for the camera.
contradiction	A child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door.	A kid looks out of a window.
contradiction	A child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door.	A child is being held by his mother at the mall.
contradiction	A fighter jet plane is landed outside Notre Dame cathedral at night.	The fighter plane is in Korea.
neutral	A fighter jet plane is landed outside Notre Dame cathedral at night.	The fighter plane has no one inside of it.
entailment	A fighter jet plane is landed outside Notre Dame cathedral at night.	The fighter jet plane is not moving.
entailment	A couple about to kiss somewhere.	A couple is going to kiss.
neutral	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her.	The ballerina hates this.
neutral	A man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.	A man is painting some dolphins.
entailment	A woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background.	The woman is sitting.
contradiction	A woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background.	The woman is standing.
neutral	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail.	The conductor is walking in a field.
entailment	The dogs run a race at the track.	A group of dogs are racingon a track.
contradiction	Four entertainers dressed in Roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater.	Actors are on Broadway.
entailment	A group of young adults with "X" on their hands, smiling.	The group of adults is happy.
entailment	A young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols.	The young white girl is outdoors.
neutral	This off-roading driver has tipped his truck.	An off-roading truck was totalled.
neutral	A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase "Armenian Genocide" written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits.	The woman is Armenian.
entailment	People shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market.	People shopping for veggies and fruit at a market.
contradiction	People shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market.	People shopping for junk at a flea market.
neutral	Four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.	Four young boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room.
contradiction	Four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.	Three middle aged men work at desks.
contradiction	Motorcycle rider going over a bump.	Camel rider going over a bump.
entailment	Motorcycle rider going over a bump.	Motorcycle rider riding over a bump.
entailment	Two bearded men sit side by side.	Two men are sitting down.
contradiction	Five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument.	The people are seated next to a building.
neutral	Four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast.	Children are eating cereal.
entailment	A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill.	A woman is skiing.
neutral	A lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks.	a princess in white dress was there in crowd
contradiction	A lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks.	people were chasing the white dressed angel
neutral	A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her.	Lady in pink reaches to shake hands with man sitting beside her.
entailment	Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose.	There are two groups of dogs, some are loose.
contradiction	Two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniform.	Two men enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast.
entailment	A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite.	Students are inside of a museum
neutral	Blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture.	The six people are all police.
contradiction	A group of swimmers jump into a pool.	A group of swimmers are sitting on an airplane on the way to their swimming competition.
neutral	A man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects.	A man standing with his purchases of the day.
entailment	Two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.	Two boys in bed.
neutral	Two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.	Two children sleeping in a bedroom.
entailment	Three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums.	Three men pound on some drums
neutral	Two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery.	two men are working on machinery on the famed titanic
contradiction	Fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event.	The fans are wearing blue and red for a sporting event.
entailment	Fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event.	There are fans at a sporting event.
entailment	A chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife.	The chef is dicing fish with his knife.
entailment	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.	a crwod is cheering
neutral	A female guitarist is playing on stage.	The woman is doing a solo piece at church.
contradiction	A man scales a rock climbing wall.	A man reading a book.
entailment	A family with young children sits down outside.	There is a family sitting outside with their children.
contradiction	A family with young children sits down outside.	A father is walking the dog with his children.
entailment	Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation.	Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone
neutral	Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation.	Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone
entailment	Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.	The bridge is wood
contradiction	Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.	The bridge is metal
entailment	Three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.	Three men are dressed in suits.
entailment	Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night.	A couple cops keep an eye on the parking lot.
neutral	A man in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a group of pigeons that are nearby.	A man is outdoors
entailment	A person doing a trick on a snowboard.	A snowboarder is performing tricks.
neutral	A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.	A barefoot child has shoes nearby.
contradiction	A father and son are in a field of yellow flowers.	People are moving a sofa.
contradiction	A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	A young girl with glasses holds two ice cream cones.
contradiction	2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	Four male humans crossing the road.
contradiction	A crowd of people is looking at something outside of a Gap store.	People are looking inside
neutral	A little boy playing with two rubber chickens.	The boy is outdoors.
neutral	A woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building.	The woman is doing laundry.
entailment	A woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building.	The woman is wearing a dress.
neutral	The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee.	Two dogs are playing catch at the park.
contradiction	There are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.	A happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park.
entailment	A woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat.	A woman is doing laundry.
neutral	A woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat.	A woman is folding her pants at the laundromat.
entailment	The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.	Two bears are looking at each other with mouths open.
contradiction	A man leads the way in a race.	The man is last place in the race.
neutral	A man leads the way in a race.	The man is running a marathon.
neutral	A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboard in the rain.
contradiction	A biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch.	A race car driver is doing laps in front of other people.
neutral	Some elderly people are playing instruments in a park.	The old man is playing the guitar.
neutral	A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.	A happy kid and some flowers.
contradiction	A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.	An old person in a field of poppies.
contradiction	Dog yawns	A dog is singing the National Anthem.
contradiction	A young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib.	A boy is playing with a firetruck.
contradiction	A boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats.	people are at a nascar race
entailment	A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling.	The dog is large
contradiction	A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling.	The dog is happy
contradiction	A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.	Someone was trying to take a shortcut home.
contradiction	A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.	A scooter rider wearing casual clothes races past a building.
entailment	A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.	A bike rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence.
entailment	A white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling.	the man is in an office.
contradiction	A male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball.	The male is playing soccer.
contradiction	A man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs.	A man yawns and stretches, tired from a day of work.
entailment	A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.	A group of people doesn't care about the stadium they are sitting in.
contradiction	A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.	A group of people are excited to be here.
neutral	A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.	A group of people are unhappy to be at the stadium.
contradiction	Two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents.	A man and woman are emptying the barrel.
contradiction	A young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.	An old man rides a skateboard.
neutral	A young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.	A person rides a skateboard well.
neutral	A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.	He is outside.
contradiction	A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.	He can carry the tunnel home.
neutral	Cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.	Enjoy the town on foot or by bike.
entailment	A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car.	The little boy and the man sit behind the car's steering wheel.
entailment	A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute	The country road has a walker wearing green.
entailment	A runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot.	The runner is posing for a picture.
entailment	A nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.	A woman in the doctors office.
entailment	A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.	The surface of the earth is visible.
contradiction	A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.	The sun is at its highest point of the day.
neutral	A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.	The faces of the people are visible
entailment	A man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud.	The sky is blue with a single puffy cloud.
neutral	Very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water.	The water sprays on the boy.
entailment	Two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch.	The red and blue cars are racing for the finish line.
neutral	A man in military uniform points as three other men watch.	the man is wearing green
contradiction	A person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road.	The person is walking.
neutral	A woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.	A woman talking to a stranger.
entailment	Man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack.	A man racing on a dirt track.
contradiction	A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it.	A blond woman is holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of sharks on it.
entailment	Using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench.	A child is playing in the park.
contradiction	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character, Ralph Wiggum, plays a Nintendo DS with his sister.	A boy is playing with a ball.
entailment	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character, Ralph Wiggum, plays a Nintendo DS with his sister.	A boy is playing a Nintendo DS with his sister.
contradiction	The player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him.	A player in white readies to hit with his baseball bat, while a player in orange motions to pitch the ball.
entailment	Women enjoying a game of table tennis.	Women are playing ping pong.
neutral	Women enjoying a game of table tennis.	One woman really sucks at playing ping pong.
entailment	An elderly woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market.	This woman is on a shopping trip.
contradiction	An elderly woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market.	A young girl is blowing bubbles.
contradiction	A woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.	A man wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.
entailment	People standing with their bicycles.	The bicycles are besides the people.
contradiction	Many roller derby players skating around the rink.	roller derby players laying down after the match.
entailment	Many roller derby players skating around the rink.	Roller derby players skating around the rink.
neutral	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.	A rollerskater behind the pack.
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.	A rollerskater pulling away from the pack.
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.	A skater ahead of the competition in a race.
contradiction	Two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields.	The old Asian women are chasing each other.
neutral	Two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields.	Two Asian women are wearing hats.
neutral	Two men spar in martial arts gear.	They are wearing all black gear.
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras.	People standing at a beach being filmed by cameras.
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras.	A group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras.
contradiction	people standing at a beach with Cameras.	People sitting on top of a deck near a beach.
neutral	Two individuals use a photo kiosk	The people are together
contradiction	Two individuals use a photo kiosk	The people are on a bike
contradiction	A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.	A young child is swinging on a swing set at his local city park.
contradiction	A man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant.	A man stands by some boxes near a dumpster.
neutral	A large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling.	A group of protestors engages with a woman inside an auditorium.
contradiction	An medical worker examines a young girl.	A health worker is evaluating the health of a young boy.
neutral	A girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle.	A girl pours water into an empty coca cola bottle
contradiction	A woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe.	A man holds a sword.
neutral	A woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe.	A woman holds a metal axe.
entailment	A man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor.	a man jumps high
contradiction	Man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.	A man is walking down the street.
neutral	Man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.	A man is performing in front of a crowd.
entailment	asian women selling fruits from baskets at an outdoor market	women selling fruits
entailment	Women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market.	The umbrellas are open.
entailment	Construction worker looking over the job site.	Construction worker at work
contradiction	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot.	The basketball player on the white team makes the basket.
entailment	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot.	A basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block it.
contradiction	Two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance.	The diver is swimming up to the water surface.
entailment	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star.	the woman holding book and yellow paper star with smiling
entailment	A young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her.	The young girl is wearing a red shirt.
contradiction	A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog.	the child was happy`
contradiction	A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog.	two girls were ther
entailment	A shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller.	A man is painting a wall.
neutral	A shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller.	A shirtless man paints a wall red.
neutral	A man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.	The man is riding on the sidewalk.
entailment	A man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.	The man is riding fast down a trail.
contradiction	A man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose.	two men bellydance
neutral	A man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.	The person is stealing display boards.
contradiction	A man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.	A man is buying a lottery ticket.
entailment	A man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.	The man is pushing a cart down the road.
neutral	A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.	A Nascar is being watched.
neutral	A man and a woman running in the street.	The man and woman are running in a marathon.
contradiction	A man and a woman running in the street.	The man and woman are walking.
entailment	A woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books.	The woman is sitting.
neutral	A woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books.	The woman is in a library.
contradiction	A scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.	A woman is reading.
entailment	A scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.	A scientist studies a slide that is related to her invention.
neutral	A scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.	A woman standing near a microscope.
neutral	A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.	The town has snow on the ground.
entailment	A person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town.	The pants are long.
contradiction	A person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town.	The town is well-populated.
neutral	A student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook.	A student studying for a big exam
neutral	A mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky.	There is a photo of Mt Everest.
contradiction	A mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky.	The photo was taken on a cloudy night.
entailment	A man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side.	The man is wearing the costume.
entailment	Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill.	Men on bikes go over a sand hill.
neutral	A man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head.	A couple enjoying some alone time.
entailment	A man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head.	A couple are having a photoshoot.
contradiction	Four men are posing behind a cash register.	Two men are posing.
neutral	an Asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian woman is dancing sexily.
contradiction	an Asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian man is dancing.
contradiction	A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.	A white dog stole a toy.
entailment	A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse.	A boy rides a horse.
contradiction	A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show.	A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing sobs relentlessly as he views a show.
contradiction	A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm.	The man has a two boomboxes on his shoulders.
contradiction	A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance.	A man rides a white horse while wearing a cowboy hat and a another horse rides beside him.
entailment	A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.	The burning blue building smells of smoke
contradiction	Two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display.	Two men are walking
neutral	A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.	The woman is cooking something exciting.
neutral	A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.	The woman is in a kitchen.
neutral	A group of children in African clothing.	Some humans in green clothing
contradiction	a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball	a football player gets ready to throw the ball.
entailment	A man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow.	A man is digging the snow outside.
contradiction	Two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football.	Two people play baseball.
entailment	Two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football.	Two people on oposite teams play flag football.
entailment	A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football.	Two people are playing flag football.
contradiction	A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football.	Two people are enjoying ice cream.
contradiction	Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.	It is morning.
neutral	Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.	The musicians are care free.
neutral	A group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.	The group is in a classroom.
neutral	A group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.	Some people have questions.
neutral	A group of people are walking by a van.	People getting ready to enter a vehicle.
contradiction	A boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata.	A child is about to hit the panda with a stick.
contradiction	Female in a military uniform with her hair tied back.	the man has long hair
neutral	A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.	a man sips whisky
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.	A woman holds her baby.
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.	A person is watching TV.
neutral	Two young musicians play from a stage.	The two musicians are playing the trumpet
entailment	Mother and daughter are meeting for the first time.	The mother and daughter are meeting.
contradiction	Mother and daughter are meeting for the first time.	The mother and daughter are fighitn.
contradiction	A team of surgeons operate on a female patient.	The surgeons are operating on a male patient.
contradiction	The young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road.	Kids share a drink.
entailment	The young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road.	A boy denies his sister a drink.
entailment	The young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road.	Kids don't share water.
neutral	A woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside.	A lady is sitting at a table outside
entailment	Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party.	People are celebrating with music and costumes.
entailment	Three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance.	A small group of men clad in summery clothing are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach.
contradiction	Three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance.	Three guys are sitting at a picnic table the beach while admiring the sunny day.
contradiction	Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance.	Couple going fishing.
entailment	A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool.	The child slides into the pool.
entailment	An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.	An old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper that is full of clothes on his handlebars.
contradiction	a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree.	There is a boy in a tree.
neutral	A man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it.	A man sits near a table with his drinks
contradiction	A man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it.	A woman sits on a table
entailment	A team of men, three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys, re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools.	A grounds crew maintain a park.
contradiction	A team of men, three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys, re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools.	A baseball player slides into home plate.
contradiction	There are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.	Two kiled men hold bagpipes
contradiction	There are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.	Two woman are dancing
entailment	A high school band getting ready to perform.	A high school band prepares to play in front of a large crowd.
entailment	A high school band getting ready to perform.	A high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance.
neutral	A thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape.	A woman is enjoying the outside weather
contradiction	Children at daycare playing on rings, and poles, one parent standing and holding her child and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play.	Children are body slamming each other.
neutral	Five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.	At a rock concert, the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist.
entailment	Five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.	In a dim room, several actors who can barely see each other, are getting ready to act.
entailment	A man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow.	A man is trekking through the snow with ski poles.
neutral	A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.	a hockey goalie earns his keep
contradiction	A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.	a soccer player guards the goal
neutral	It is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag.	A man holds a big flag.
contradiction	It is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag.	A man hugs his mother and leaves for war.
neutral	Two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill.	Two dirt bike riders are outside
contradiction	A snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.	A downhill skier competes in a race.
entailment	Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk.	Two women with cotton candy smile.
neutral	Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle.	Two people riding on a bicyle down a small dirt road.
neutral	Two people play horseshoes.	Tom and Sue were playing outside.
neutral	The people await to cross the street while walking the dog.	people are at a busy intersection
contradiction	A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.	The camera is being thrown by the girl
neutral	A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.	A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt
neutral	A kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment.	Two men are composing together.
entailment	Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street.	A statue is in the middle of the street.
neutral	One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building.	One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke.
entailment	A man visiting a friend in the hospital.	A man and a patient in a hospital room.
entailment	A man visiting a friend in the hospital.	A man in a hospital receives a visiting friend.
entailment	A man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.	A guy rides past the park.
neutral	Children are playing outside in a fountain.	Some children throw stones into a fountain.
neutral	Children are playing outside in a fountain.	Some children a outside playing near the water.
contradiction	Stick figures in the middle of the street.	A drawing of a street
entailment	A boy rides his skateboard at the park.	A child rides his skateboard at the park.
neutral	Five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.	There is snow outside.
contradiction	Five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.	They are wearing swimsuits.
entailment	Two little girls reading a book at the library.	The girls are in a library.
neutral	A man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd	A man in black takes a picture of a fountain.
entailment	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows.	A brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is painting the two windows she sees.
neutral	A cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing.	A cyclist dressed in black and white points towards the sky.
neutral	A young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine.	A young man is bowling.
contradiction	A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market selling Coca-Cola.	A snowy mountain in the Rockies.
entailment	A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market selling Coca-Cola.	A market is selling soft drinks in an Arabic country.
contradiction	A group of women playing volleyball indoors.	People are outside tossing a ball.
neutral	A group of women playing volleyball indoors.	Awoman serves the volleyball.
neutral	A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.	A woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
entailment	Two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background.	Two roller derby competitors skate quickly ahead of teammates.
neutral	Two girls playing basketball.	The girl threw the basketball.
entailment	Two girls playing basketball.	Girls are playing basketball.
neutral	A professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.	There are people outdoors
contradiction	A professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.	There are a group of people hiking Mt Fiji.
entailment	A band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people.	A band is playing a concert.
neutral	A man is installing a roof.	A man is putting a roof on a beach house.
neutral	Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background.	Children are swimming in cold water.
entailment	Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background.	Children are swimming.
entailment	Women in blue dress singing on stage.	A woman is singing on stage.
contradiction	Women in blue dress singing on stage.	A man is singing on stage.
contradiction	A man sits at a table in a room.	A woman sits.
neutral	A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.	The man has a colorful skateboard
neutral	A mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car.	The car took a pit stop with just a few laps to go.
contradiction	A mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car.	The motorcycle pulled over because it was out of fuel.
contradiction	A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him.	there is a dog in the foreground
neutral	A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him.	there are people in a house taking pictures
neutral	A boy on a bicycle in midair	A boy is falling off his bike.
neutral	Three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet.	They are going up the stairs.
neutral	the man is in the middle of a pole vault	The man is concentrating.
entailment	A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.	People in blue hard hats watch as a man in a white shirt and shorts rock climb.
contradiction	A man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children.	A boy is attending a club meeting.
neutral	A man playing a piano	A man is playing a black piano.
entailment	A man playing a piano	The man's hands are on the keys of a piano.
contradiction	little girl posing for a picture.	The boy is posing for a picture.
entailment	little girl posing for a picture.	The child is posing for the photographer.
entailment	A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.	A man plays a piano.
contradiction	A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.	A man plays the clarinet for his family.
contradiction	A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons.	The couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera.
entailment	Fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage.	The fireworks were shot into the sky.
contradiction	A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him.	A boy is dancing for his friends.
contradiction	A large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains.	The large audience is standing and cheering.
entailment	A large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains.	A large audience is seated inside together.
contradiction	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.	A dog is sitting on a table.
entailment	A gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.	Two men are in a car.
neutral	A gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.	The men hope the container won't fly off the roof.
contradiction	A group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows.	A group of friends sit at a table talking to each other.
entailment	A group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows.	The people are walking down the street.
neutral	Shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut.	A man without a shirt is on a river.
contradiction	Four African boys playing soccer.	Some boys are in the play ground
contradiction	Four African boys playing soccer.	Some kids are watching soccer
entailment	The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.	The referee and players are getting ready to face-off.
entailment	A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of Japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks.	A woman is walking down a busy street.
contradiction	A man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks.	the woman is white
entailment	A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.	A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes.
contradiction	A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.	A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with white ropes.
entailment	One girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles.	A girl drinks a soda on the street
neutral	One girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles.	A girl drinks a soda on the street in front of people
neutral	Two young ladies walking down the street together.	The two women bundle up in winter coats as the blizzard sets in.
contradiction	The indian's are performing a sacred dance.	The Indians are building sand castles.
entailment	The indian's are performing a sacred dance.	The people are dancing.
entailment	Everyone is getting ready to play the game.	People prepare to play games.
neutral	Everyone is getting ready to play the game.	People place their piece on a Monopoly board.
contradiction	A family smiling on the couch.	A family is playing out in their backyard.
neutral	A family smiling on the couch.	A family is sitting on a couch watching TV.
contradiction	A man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall.	There is a man climbing as the boy holds the rope
entailment	Two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.	Two scuba divers are underwater.
contradiction	A female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.	A female gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll.
neutral	A female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.	A gymnast is in mid air.
neutral	People in motion down a city sidewalk.	People are flying down a sidewalk.
neutral	One man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.	Men are gazing.
contradiction	One man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.	Women look different directions.
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.	People in uniform are working near a fire.
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.	Police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene.
contradiction	A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.	A dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.
entailment	A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.	A person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background.
contradiction	A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room.	the black and white dogs are playing.
entailment	A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room.	The dogs are fighting.
contradiction	A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room.	The fighting dogs are outside.
contradiction	A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium.	The person is a vampire avoiding the sun.
contradiction	A woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator.	A woman sits beside the escalator.
neutral	A smiling man is holding up a gavel.	The man is a judge.
contradiction	A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.	A man is holding a dog standing in front of a chalkboard.
neutral	A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.	A man is holding a book about fossils, standing in front of a chalkboard.
entailment	While one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation.	Three men talk while their fourth takes a shot.
contradiction	A group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other.	A group of gymnasts performing.
contradiction	A motorist gets some air over a rough hill.	A motorist has stalled.
entailment	A motorist gets some air over a rough hill.	A motorist is riding his bike.
entailment	A motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path.	The person is riding a motorcycle
neutral	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train.	some people standing
contradiction	The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.	There is an adult upside down.
contradiction	A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar.	There is a man in a green shirt.
neutral	Two men in polo shirts, reading the paper.	Two men reading the paper on their break.
neutral	The 3 dogs are cruising down the street.	a family of dogs cruises down the street
entailment	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat.	The boy is swinging a bat.
neutral	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat.	The boy is playing baseball.
neutral	A man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it.	A man is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle.
neutral	A man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it.	A big sports fan is working inside his cubicle.
contradiction	A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask.	The man wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridge work while whistling.
neutral	A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask.	The man in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outside while listening to music.
neutral	A man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes.	The man has black hair.
entailment	Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.	People wait to get on a double decker bus at night.
contradiction	Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.	People wait to get on a boat at night.
neutral	People are waiting in line to board a double decker bus.	German tourists are waiting in line to board a bus.
neutral	An Eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby.	a rooster near a vendor hoping for food
neutral	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.	The boy is in swimming clothes.
entailment	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.	The water in the pool is being splashed.
entailment	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.	A boy is playing in the swimming pool.
contradiction	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.	A boy is splashing others at the beach.
neutral	A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted.	The baby is eating.
entailment	A man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down.	An bike rider jumping ramps on a sunny day.
contradiction	A man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down.	Cyclists competing in the Tour de France.
contradiction	A young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen.	A man is lighting a fire under the beaker as part of his demonstration to the girl.
neutral	a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it.	a child plays outside next to a christmas tree
contradiction	Two people sitting on the sand.	The people are standing.
neutral	Two people sitting on the sand.	There are two people at the beach.
neutral	A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.	A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open.
contradiction	A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.	The woman is standing with her hand over her mouth.
entailment	Two men stand in a lift as four others, all dressed in black and bright yellow stripes, look up on them.	Six men dressed in black and yellow uniforms are standing in a gymnasium.
neutral	Two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song.	The band members are playing in a dimly lit room.
contradiction	A man in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera.	the boy was listening
neutral	In a small village a Man sets sail along the Swamp.	A man hunting crocodiles
entailment	A group of soldiers march in a parade.	A group of people march in a parade.
contradiction	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle.	A boy lights a grill in order to make some hamburgers.
contradiction	Two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine.	The men are both wearing glasses.
neutral	A man laughing while at a restaurant.	A man laughing while at a restaurant eating.
contradiction	People sitting on benches in a public area.	There are people standing by benches in public.
neutral	People sitting on benches in a public area.	There are people sitting on benches outdoors talking to each other.
neutral	A boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope	The boyscout looks through a telescope at the clear night sky.
contradiction	A boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope	A boy scout is making a campfire.
neutral	An older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street.	A man is smoking a cigar.
entailment	A man touching a hanging strand of lamps.	A man is reaching out to a strand of lamps.
neutral	A man touching a hanging strand of lamps.	A man reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps.
contradiction	In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard.	The children are putting out a fire nearby
contradiction	A choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.	The choir are taking in a ball game.
contradiction	A person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass.	a person jumps
entailment	A view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes.	People are riding bikes in both directions on a road.
contradiction	A man in a white shirt, dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars, in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river, against a bank of tall dried grasses.	The man is fishing in the lake.
entailment	A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores.	A young woman in a black skirt is walking next to nearby shops.
neutral	A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.	A young man working in the snow.
contradiction	A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.	A young woman working in the snow.
entailment	Children playing a video game together.	The kids are indoors playing a video game.
entailment	A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports.	A man reaches into a car.
contradiction	A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports.	A man reaches into a boat.
entailment	A group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus.	A group of people wait at a bus stop as a large white and blue bus stops.
neutral	Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval ship.	The workers are on break.
neutral	Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval ship.	The workers are close to the water.
entailment	Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset.	two people paddle their boat on the ocean
neutral	A group of boys playing street soccer.	A team is playing street soccer.
entailment	A group of boys playing street soccer.	A group of boys are playing soccer in the street.
contradiction	A rally in a different country.	A carnival in a different country.
entailment	A rally in a different country.	A rally in a seperate country.
contradiction	A child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain.	The child has a green shirt.
neutral	A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.	The man is kneeling down.
neutral	A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.	The man's head is partially obscured.
contradiction	A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.	The man is working underneath a vehicle.
contradiction	A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.	Two people are going to a hockey game
neutral	A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.	A man and woman are getting eloped
contradiction	Someone splashing in the water.	Someone is having a picnic near the lake.
contradiction	3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants	Three people are riding horses across a course.
neutral	A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	A woman escapes a from a hostile enviroment
neutral	A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	The crowd walks around a woman
neutral	A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.	The woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium.
neutral	A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.	Two people are standing beside each other.
contradiction	A boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill.	There are boys and girls standing next to a table
entailment	A boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill.	There are boys and girls sitting at a table
neutral	A man with his arm around a woman.	The woman and man are smiling.
contradiction	A man with his arm around a woman.	Two men are hugging.
neutral	Two men are sitting on a couch.	Two men are watching TV on a couch.
contradiction	Two men are sitting on a couch.	Two men are standing outside.
contradiction	A young man holding a microphone and singing.	A woman is riding a bike outside.
contradiction	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.	The dog is white and gray.
neutral	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.	The dog's nose itches.
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.	A person is trimming a tree.
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.	A worker falls out of a tree.
contradiction	A man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an U.S. flag attached in the rear.	Henry Ford admiring his assembly lines.
entailment	A man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an U.S. flag attached in the rear.	A casually dressed man admiring an antique car.
entailment	A dog chasing a duck in a pond.	A dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck.
contradiction	A dog chasing a duck in a pond.	A dog is sitting for his owner.
contradiction	Two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall.	A group of girls getting ready for a party.
entailment	Two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table.	two men are discussing
neutral	A girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge.	The girll is playing a game.
neutral	A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle.	The man speeds along the street.
entailment	A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle.	The man is driving.
entailment	A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.	The children hug in the woods.
neutral	A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.	The little boy is hitting the girl.
contradiction	The gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder.	The gentleman is speaking to an old lady.
neutral	A juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling.	A person juggles balls in a kilt.
neutral	A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs.	A man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple.
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.	A party has just ended
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.	A group of people fight in their dreams
contradiction	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A man is playing in the snow.
contradiction	A musician playing his violin.	The race car driver accelerates around a curve.
neutral	A musician playing his violin.	The violinist is on stage with other musicians.
contradiction	A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings.	A man is inside.
neutral	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing.	He is barefoot.
entailment	A woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope.	A lady is looking through a scope at the ocean.
entailment	A woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea.	A woman has a bright pink jacket.
entailment	A dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching.	Four men are watching the storage unit.
neutral	A group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses.	A group of women sing on stage at the concert.
neutral	There are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap.	There are many people attending a baseball game.
neutral	Two dogs in a grassy field.	Two dogs are playing outside.
contradiction	A man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons.	Some people are happy to be throwing a party.
contradiction	Three friends are talking.	Three people have their mouths full of food.
neutral	Three friends are talking.	Three people have drinks in their hand.
neutral	A man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses.	A man is shopping.
contradiction	Two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top.	Two dogs are walking throught a gate.
neutral	Two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top.	A family is walking through a gate.
contradiction	Little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice.	A girl with curly hair is taking a big bite from a hamburger.
contradiction	A music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark.	The people are at a play.
entailment	A music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark.	The audience is listening to the concert in the dark.
neutral	Two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball.	Two boys jump with excitement.
neutral	Children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face.	The children can all swim.
contradiction	Children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face.	The children are in a very deep pool.
entailment	A man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle.	Man performs a juggling act on a unicycle.
contradiction	two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary.	A man and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner.
contradiction	A woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey.	Someone is in a field.
neutral	A woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey.	Someone is in a bar.
contradiction	Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person.	Three puppies are snuggling with their mother by the fire.
contradiction	A man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television.	A man is enjoying a cigar at a party.
entailment	A man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television.	The man is wearing a button up shirt.
neutral	A speaker is talking with a TV in the background.	There is a live bear in the background.
neutral	A speaker is talking with a TV in the background.	The tv volume is turned on low.
neutral	A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it.	One man shows the ransom money to the other.
neutral	In an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book.	The man and woman are cooperating.
contradiction	lady in black skirt is getting excited.	A lady is sad after the tragedy.
contradiction	Two men holding a Chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling.	A man and his daughter build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them.
entailment	Two men holding a Chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling.	One smiling man and one man with a drill hold a red and yellow Chinese lantern.
contradiction	Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk.	A man is dragging a couch across the room so he can vacuum.
contradiction	A man in a black shirt working on a guitar.	A guy working on his drums.
neutral	A man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole.	A man is working in the sun.
contradiction	A man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole.	A woman is working for the phone company.
neutral	Two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow.	The girls are cover head to toe.
neutral	A couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow.	The couple stood in the snow together for the photographer.
neutral	Three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby.	The people put furniture on the taxi
neutral	A young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black.	A woman teaching a boy to sing.
entailment	A man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk.	A couple dressed in angel costumes are handing out leaflets on the sidewalk.
entailment	A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.	The girl is riding a horse.
neutral	A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.	The single man was working on his house
entailment	A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.	A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans and a baseball cap wors on a roof of a house laying shingles
entailment	A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds.	A big brown dog and a tiny black dog are standing in a field.
contradiction	A hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background.	A city of ice sits in the distance.
neutral	A blond man playing a guitar.	A well dressed man is playing a guitar.
contradiction	A blond man playing a guitar.	A bald man is playing a guitar.
contradiction	Four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms.	The racetrack is outdoors.
contradiction	A woman in an American military uniform sits at a table and writes the words "sad," "depressed," and "hatred" on a large sheet of white paper.	 A woman in an American green military uniform is smiling.
contradiction	A woman in a US military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her.	A woman is writing on a rock
entailment	A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.	A man and a child sitting on steps saw a woman walk by.
entailment	A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.	A man and a child sitting on steps saw a bystander.
neutral	Two people climb a rock overhanging water.	Two kids are climbing the rock.
neutral	Woman is looking something.	A woman is looking at a man
neutral	a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background	A boy is snowboarding in mid air
contradiction	a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background	A person is snowboarding behind a football field
neutral	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	A tractor drives down the parade route
entailment	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a tractor is decorated for a parade
contradiction	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a lawnmover is being repaired
neutral	A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.	A dog is outside.
contradiction	A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.	A dog is chasing a frisbee.
entailment	A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow.	The woman is riding a horse.
contradiction	A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow.	The horse is being ridden by a man.
neutral	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance.	A man in front of an audience.
entailment	A girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces.	A girl is play fighting.
neutral	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.	A skier going down the bunny hill.
contradiction	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.	A surfer riding a wave.
contradiction	An old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day.	Every instrument visible is a woodwind.
entailment	A man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park.	A man walking in Droney Park.
neutral	A smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.	This man has an eyesight deficiency.
neutral	A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.	A man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck.
entailment	A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.	A man is sleeping in the rear of an automobile.
contradiction	A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope.	A baby is playing with a smartphone.
neutral	A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope.	An infant looks through a telescope pointed at the planet Jupiter.
contradiction	A man in a short Mohawk and beard.	There is a man with a ponytail and a mustache.
entailment	A man in a short Mohawk and beard.	A man with a short Mohawk and beard stands outside.
entailment	A little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt.	A little boy is whispering to a girl.
neutral	A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.	A woman is getting her maternity pictures taken.
contradiction	A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.	A woman is posing in the forest near a motorcycle.
contradiction	Blond women working wearing gloves.	A redhead working wearing gloves.
contradiction	A woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity.	All vegetation the woman is working with is the same age.
contradiction	Three girls jumping in front of a house's flower garden.	The girls are playing on a street.
entailment	A young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background.	A girl jumps in a grassy field
entailment	A young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background.	A girl jumps in her newly cut lawn
contradiction	A young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background.	A boy jumps in a grassy field
neutral	A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades.	Everyone is riding rollerblades.
entailment	Four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court.	Four young men looking up at a basketball hoop.
neutral	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio.	The ballerina is wearing pink.
contradiction	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio.	The ballerina is outdoors.
entailment	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio.	The ballerina is indoors.
neutral	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake.	A family is diving into the water.
neutral	A boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole.	The boy is younger than age ten.
neutral	A woman in white climbs up a metal structure.	A woman in a wedding dress is climbing.
contradiction	A person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand.	Someone is standing with a bucket on their head.
neutral	An oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket.	A woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket near the window.
contradiction	An oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket.	A man is cleaning wood.
neutral	Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building.	An older man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building
neutral	A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.	A woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean.
entailment	A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	A girl is playing tennis.
neutral	A young male is running while playing tennis against another person.	A man moves while playing a game
neutral	A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.	A woman compares prices on eggs at the market
contradiction	Two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation.	Four people are talking to each other outside.
contradiction	Two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation.	The two men and women are talking to people that they know.
contradiction	A lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there.	A lady is climbing a rope.
entailment	A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles.	A military man is walking away from the line of military vehicles
contradiction	A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles.	A military man is running inside the line of military vehicle
neutral	A lit girl splashes around in natural water.	The girl is outside.
entailment	Two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field.	Two men playing soccer.
neutral	Young people are standing around a drum at a party.	People are playing a drum.
contradiction	Young people are standing around a drum at a party.	A drum is in a museum.
contradiction	A white man in a red shirt riding a bike.	A woman wears a shirt on a unicycle.
neutral	A white man in a red shirt riding a bike.	An old guy wears a shirt on a bike.
contradiction	Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table.	There is a group of people behind another group of people hiding underneath a table.
contradiction	A young girl poses with a trophy in the park.	A boy poses with his trophy.
entailment	A young girl poses with a trophy in the park.	A girl is at the park.
neutral	Two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day.	Two men are shirtless.
neutral	People at a farmer's market.	The family is near a farmer market.
entailment	People at a farmer's market.	A crowd is at the farmers market.
contradiction	Four people enjoying an art exhibit.	Four people are at a bar
neutral	Man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon.	A clown makes balloon animals.
entailment	this Man, with a Red& White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck.	the guy has bottles on the truck
contradiction	A little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear.	Boy sawing a piece of wood in half.
entailment	A little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear.	Boy pretending to be a doctor.
entailment	The team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river.	The people are in a boat
entailment	A crowd in which two men are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outside of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree.	A crowd is celebrating Christmas outside of Bank of America.
contradiction	Two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone	The man and women are standing by a river.
contradiction	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings.	Two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches inside a museum.
contradiction	people sitting on stools looking outside.	People look at a movie screen.
entailment	A young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park.	Young woman performing bike tricks at a bike park.
contradiction	A little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him.	A girl puts on some sunglasses
contradiction	Two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline.	Two kids are building a trampoline from scratch.
neutral	A U.S. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on.	The girl has a troubled expression.
entailment	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a break
entailment	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches.	A dog plays in the park.
entailment	A man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest.	A young man wearing a gray winter jacket walks on a fallen oak tree.
contradiction	A lady is promoting something to the other two girls.	A man is boasting about something at a bar.
contradiction	Some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some kids playing with a jet-ski.
contradiction	A group of Asian girls are standing together.	There are boys standing together.
neutral	A group of Asian girls are standing together.	The girls are standing outside.
contradiction	Two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks.	Two girls kiss.
neutral	Two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks.	Two girls kiss there dad.
neutral	I am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake.	I am at the lake with my family.
neutral	A man looking at a woman looking at water.	A man drinks beer.
contradiction	Lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab.	The lab tech is measuring chemicals in beakers.
neutral	Coed choir singing at an event.	A large choir is singing.
contradiction	Children receiving places at an award ceremony.	The children are rolling on the floor collecting dust for science.
entailment	A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms.	A woman crosses the street carrying her baby.
contradiction	A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms.	A woman crosses the street carrying a large sandwich.
entailment	a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	A man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside.
entailment	a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	A man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall.
entailment	A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt.	A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
neutral	A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt.	A small man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
entailment	A child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike.	Two people are going for a hike.
entailment	A young man sleeping next to a dog.	A dog has a man sleeping next to it.
neutral	A young man sleeping next to a dog.	A man is sleeping next to his daughters dog.
contradiction	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track.	The crowd of people are watching the horse race.
contradiction	A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play.	A girl poses in front of people
neutral	A young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair.	A redhead is putting a bracelet on an old woman.
entailment	a group of people celebrate their asian culture.	A group of people celebrate.
neutral	A man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background	A man preforms tricks on a motorcycle.
neutral	Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.	A man in the Navy stands on a boat in the cool air.
neutral	Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.	A man in the Navy is sailing through the water.
contradiction	Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.	A man in a uniform is underground.
contradiction	A man standing on a green boat.	The boat is red and white.
neutral	A man standing on a green boat.	He is outside.
entailment	Artists install a new exhibit in a gallery.	People put up new art at the towns local gallery.
contradiction	The rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition.	The gymnast cannot finish her exercise.
entailment	The rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition.	The gymnast completes her exercise.
neutral	Two people are riding bicycles next to a building.	Two people are riding red bicycles next to a building.
entailment	The female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach.	A female soccer team is listening to their coach.
contradiction	A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime.	A person is wearing a bright hat
contradiction	A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime.	A person is getting ready to snowboard down a hill with one leg
contradiction	A man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic.	A man brushes his teeth in front of a mirror.
entailment	Two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town.	Two girls enjoying a night on the town.
contradiction	A boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket.	Two women in a bright red sports car, with sunglasses and pink lipstick, laugh and sing songs.
contradiction	A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area.	A boy is playing with a squirt gun.
neutral	Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters.	Two women are working.
neutral	Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters.	Two women are running a kitchen.
neutral	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.	She is hailing a cab.
neutral	A group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on.	The group of people are swimming in the water.
entailment	At a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag.	Two people are painting ceramics
contradiction	At a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag.	Two people are paining each others faces
contradiction	There are two people walking in the sand.	There are five people walking in the sand with drums.
neutral	A woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog.	The woman is holding a some clippers in her hand.
neutral	oh yea these suckers cant catch me.	Dog running down the street.
entailment	Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard.	Two guys sit on the side of a billboard.
neutral	A woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water.	The woman is in the ocean.
entailment	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track.	The dog is racing other dogs.
neutral	A young boy learns how to ride a horse	The ginger-haired kid holds the pony's reins.
entailment	A runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.	A runner want to head for the finish line.
contradiction	A runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.	A runner give up before heading to the finish line.
entailment	A runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.	A runner in a competition want to go to the finish line.
contradiction	Shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films.	A skater is being photographed.
entailment	A group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture.	A group of students are listening.
entailment	A group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture.	Some students are attending a class.
contradiction	A group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture.	Students are at the park.
contradiction	A sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall.	The woman is holding a rock in front of a wall.
contradiction	A tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone.	A man jumping off a ledge.
contradiction	A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows in front of him on the pavement.	A man sits on a wall.
contradiction	a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	There is a photographer taking a photo of a man indoors.
contradiction	Two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit.	The fire pit has been put out
neutral	A man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a "missing person" flier posted on it.	a man smokes a joint outside
entailment	A man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a "missing person" flier posted on it.	a guy smoking against a wall with a flier on it
entailment	A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.	The runners are running towards the large buildings.
contradiction	A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.	A group of mall walkers takes a smoke break.
contradiction	Boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.	The girl pushes as hard as she can
contradiction	A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background.	A man posed with both arms out at a competition.
neutral	A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background.	A man posed at a baseball game.
neutral	Five People are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air.	A strange ritual is being performed.
entailment	Various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing.	Men are standing up
neutral	A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face.	A man is taking a nap on a bench.
entailment	A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond.	A girl in shorts is fishing in a pond.
neutral	A young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he runs a grocery store.	A young boy is playing with flour and sugar bags.
contradiction	A man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.	A group of people deepsea fishing
contradiction	A man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a Native American costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street.	The costume is Asian.
entailment	Two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground.	The basket is woven.
neutral	A man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.	A naked man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.
entailment	A young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down.	A black man is standing on stage.
neutral	A group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building.	A group of people analyze art together
contradiction	People walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim.	People walk by a train.
contradiction	People walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim.	People at a train station.
contradiction	A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.	The girl is playing at the beach.
entailment	A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.	The boy is playing at the beach.
entailment	An older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music.	The man is a musician
contradiction	An older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music.	The man is 10 years old.
neutral	A little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes.	A boy is hungry for some cookies and cakes, but doesn't have any money.
entailment	A silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead.	The bowler who just rolled in the bright, noisy alley is hoping for a strike.
contradiction	Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.	Two people eat Chinese at a Chinese buffet.
contradiction	Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing.	Two shabbily dressed women hold mics as they compete in a rap battle in front of a cheering crowd.
entailment	Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing.	One woman speaking into a microphone while a second woman writes beside her.
entailment	a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe.	Brunette woman sitting outside a cafe.
contradiction	A man in reflective sunglasses, a skull T-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair.	The man is standing.
contradiction	children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.	Children are running outside, competing in a race.
entailment	A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.	Flying black and white bird
neutral	A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.	Bird flying outside against the sky
neutral	We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts.	People are looking at underwear.
contradiction	A group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums.	A string quartet is practicing.
contradiction	A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.	A worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a restuarant.
entailment	A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.	A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk.
contradiction	A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.	A worker is working in a restuarant.
neutral	Older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.	Older men eating dinner
entailment	Older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.	Older men sitting at a cafe
contradiction	Older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.	Older men playing shuffle
neutral	A gas station and a car on fire.	A car sets a gas station on fire.
entailment	A gas station and a car on fire.	Two items on fire.
contradiction	A gas station and a car on fire.	A car is going through the car wash.
entailment	Artist on street corner selling his artwork.	Someone is selling paintings.
contradiction	Artist on street corner selling his artwork.	Someone is begging for money.
neutral	This is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent.	There is a fresh food market.
entailment	Three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep.	The people are pretending to sleep.
contradiction	A crowd gathered around a young man who is performing.	A girl is performing.
entailment	A crowd gathered around a young man who is performing.	They are at a performance.
neutral	An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting.	Grandpa is lecturing
contradiction	A man a woman posing for a picture.	A man is taking a picture of a dog, while a woman watches.
entailment	A man a woman posing for a picture.	Two people are posing for a portrait.
contradiction	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky.	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky.
neutral	A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd.	a couple dances among other people
contradiction	A man wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him.	The shirt is a Navy shirt.
contradiction	The backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top.	A man walks his dog with a black leash.
entailment	The backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top.	A dog on a red leash walking away.
entailment	A man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree.	a man at the opening of a large tree
contradiction	An orange on the floor next to a dog.	The fruit next to the dog is an apple.
entailment	A golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap.	The game of golf being played.
neutral	A young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.	A girl is looking at the sky from far away.
entailment	A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit.	A group of climbers takes a break.
entailment	A boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.	A boy throwing a stone.
neutral	A boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.	A boy with no shirt on throws rocks.
contradiction	A boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.	A boy is at a baseball game.
neutral	Four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table.	The men play baseball together.
entailment	A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft.	A single person stands on a heavily-eroded large cliff-side rock
entailment	A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft.	A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock
contradiction	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	A boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater
entailment	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	A boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater.
neutral	A man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain.	The man is near another person.
entailment	A young woman is ordering from a red food truck.	A young lady is ordering food.
entailment	A young woman is ordering from a red food truck.	A young lady is ordering from a food truck.
entailment	A woman carrying a bucket of flowers.	A bucket of flowers is carried by a woman.
contradiction	A woman carrying a bucket of flowers.	A dog carrying a basket of food.
contradiction	A man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat.	The man is in a Jeep.
neutral	A man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat.	The man is asleep.
entailment	Three kids perform a skit about camping.	Three kids performed a camping skit.
neutral	Three kids perform a skit about camping.	Three boys performed a skit.
neutral	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background.	A group of people are planning something.
neutral	An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van.	The gray van had smashed the green sedan's bumper off.
contradiction	An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van.	Two cars waited patiently for the light to turn green.
entailment	Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.	Women are chatting in a restaurant.
contradiction	Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.	Women are knitting scarves for the homeless.
contradiction	A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.	Two people are playing with a frisbee at a park.
contradiction	A man pulling items on a cart.	A man is pushing a baby carriage.
entailment	Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs.	Two girls are somewhere cold.
contradiction	A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.	A woman is writing on a napkin and showing it to her friend.
entailment	A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.	A male uses paint to stencil words on  a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected.
neutral	A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.	A guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it's on the ground.
entailment	One man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing.	the people are laughing
entailment	A man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun.	A man is shooting a gun.
neutral	a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar.	The bearded man plays a song and sings along.
neutral	The man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something.	the guy kicked his hat
entailment	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water.	A person is standing outside in the rain looking at flood damage.
contradiction	A little girl listens to a cellphone.	The girl is very old.
entailment	Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.	Three people are leading a parade.
neutral	Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.	Two men are on stilts while a woman dances between them in the parade.
neutral	Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.	Three people are on a parade float.
entailment	A cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer.	A man is showing off his prize winning mule.
contradiction	Four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform.	There are 6 men in priest robes
neutral	two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag.	Two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bag.
contradiction	A person in an orange shirt reaching up.	A person is sitting in a chair.
neutral	A person in an orange shirt reaching up.	A person is reaching up to grab something.
entailment	A young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.	The couple are on a bus.
contradiction	A young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.	The couple are in their parent's car.
entailment	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together.	People are walking on the beach.
contradiction	The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.	The boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs.
entailment	Four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine.	Gymnast group preparing for a competition.
entailment	Four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine.	Gymnasts wearing matching leotards practicing.
entailment	An Asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing.	The woman is not laughing.
contradiction	two people riding their bikes down a street together.	A couple gets married at the courthouse.
entailment	Group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus.	A group of people including a man and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus.
entailment	Group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus.	A group of people on a bus are sightseeing.
contradiction	Group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus.	Five people jumped the bridge.
neutral	A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle.	a boy rides his bike
neutral	Families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel.	Some families have babies.
contradiction	Families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel.	Families have some dogs in front of a carousel
entailment	Two kids in blue wetsuits surf.	Two children surf in the ocean.
contradiction	Two kids in blue wetsuits surf.	Two children build a sand castle.
contradiction	There is a line of various trucks with advertising on the side parked by the side of the road, with the "Grilled Cheese Truck "and the "Calbi" truck in focus.	a dog jumps
contradiction	A youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword.	A youth bikes by a mural.
entailment	A youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword.	A youth skateboards by a mural.
neutral	Runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right.	Runners see something
contradiction	A woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper.	a woman is at the beach
entailment	A family is taking part in a walk-a-thon.	Some of the people shown are related.
contradiction	A group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper.	The people are using their fingers to paint with.
entailment	a male teen is working on a school project.	A teenager working on homework.
entailment	A boy works on a project in shop class.	The boy's project is for a school activity.
contradiction	A boy works on a project in shop class.	The boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project.
contradiction	Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers.	The chefs are making food for themselves.
entailment	Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers.	Chefs are making food for customers.
neutral	A bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art.	A black man with no hair is wearing his safety glasses around his neck.
entailment	A bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art.	A black man with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer.
neutral	Three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them.	Inmates are cleaning up a beach.
neutral	A man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.	a man holds a comb on a box
contradiction	A man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.	a man waits tables insdie
entailment	A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field.	A few dogs are playing outsides.
contradiction	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic.	There are two people.
contradiction	A group of African Americans getting ready to eat.	An outdoor concert at the park.
neutral	A group of African Americans getting ready to eat.	A few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand.
neutral	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.	They are all playing checkers
contradiction	Two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.	A couple is writing a letter to their landlord.
neutral	The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.	A young man drinking a beer
neutral	The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.	A young man smoking a cigar
neutral	Coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background.	A football coach is instructing a player on the sidelines
contradiction	A man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk.	A woman has a beer.
entailment	a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun.	A young woman is sitting down
entailment	A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts.	A blonde woman sits on a bench outside in a park.
entailment	A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts.	A blonde woman sits on a bench.
contradiction	A woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters advertising a concert.	A Norwegian man carries groceries home.
entailment	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event.	A cheerleader passes out shirts
neutral	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event.	A cheerleader passes out team shirts
contradiction	Crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people.	Players pass out footballs to the crowd
entailment	Crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people.	Cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts
entailment	An old Indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow.	An old Indian man is sleep
contradiction	An old Indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow.	An old Indian man is dressed up
neutral	A man playing cricket	an indian man plays cricket
entailment	A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team.	A basketball player is playing basketball.
contradiction	A small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb.	The bird is in the air.
contradiction	A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents.	Someone is playing hockey.
neutral	A person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her.	A woman carrying a bag, with a girl behind her
contradiction	A person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her.	A woman carrying a girl, with a bag behind her
contradiction	A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.	A man in a costume speaking to another man.
contradiction	A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill.	A young boy is grilling vegetables.
neutral	A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill.	A young boy is grilling steak.
contradiction	A woman is taking a picture of a man.	The crowd is watching a parade.
contradiction	Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.	Two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather.
entailment	Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.	Two people are hiking with backpacks up a snowy slope.
entailment	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain.	Two mountaineers walking on a mountain.
neutral	A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall.	A man poses for a picture.
entailment	A young man is playing a blue guitar.	The man is playing the guitar.
entailment	A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.	A man is riding a brown horse while protecting his head with a helmet.
contradiction	People waiting in line in a snowstorm.	People are waiting in a line during a scorching drought.
entailment	People waiting in line in a snowstorm.	People are in a snowstorm.
contradiction	Xylophonists play in a dark setting.	some people walking on the road
entailment	Athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight.	The men are wearing black pants.
contradiction	Athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight.	A group of girls talk and laugh outside.
entailment	a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man.	A man teaches his puppy how to swim.
contradiction	Children nap on a floor while others stand by.	Children are playing childish games while others stand by.
entailment	Children nap on a floor while others stand by.	Children are napping on a floor.
neutral	Children nap on a floor while others stand by.	Children are napping on a floor inside a pre school.
neutral	A woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray.	A woman is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches.
contradiction	A girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background.	The soccer ball is chasing the girl.
entailment	A girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background.	Their is a girl playing soccer in a field.
contradiction	A black dog is running through a marsh-like area.	A yellow dog is chasing a rabbit.
entailment	Two men are boxing in fighting arena.	TWo men are boxing.
neutral	Two men are boxing in fighting arena.	Two men are punching eachother.
contradiction	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike.	A guy looks upon a collision between motorboats.
neutral	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike.	A guy looks upon a collision between two Hondas and a Schwinn.
neutral	A man tests model airplanes in an open field.	A man is standing and testing model airplanes.
entailment	A man tests model airplanes in an open field.	A man is testing model airplanes.
contradiction	Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.	Three men in blue block a soccer ball.
neutral	A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.	The boy and his dad walk along the edge of the pond.
entailment	A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.	People watch ducks in a pond.
entailment	A little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in.	A boy punches his new flashcards from the carboard they came i.
contradiction	A young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle.	The woman is old.
entailment	People shopping at an outside market	People are enjoying the sunny day at the market.
contradiction	The Man is outside on the beach walking his dog.	The man is at the beach fishing.
entailment	A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches.	Someone is about to cross the road while someone else watches.
entailment	A girl in black pants doing exercises.	A girl moving her muscles to get exercise in.
contradiction	A girl in black pants doing exercises.	Two guys lifting oranges to build up muscles.
entailment	Family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company.	A family is enjoying a night at home.
neutral	Family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company.	A family is sitting together inside a house.
contradiction	Family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company.	A family is out to eat at a restaurant.
entailment	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.	a boy riding a roller-coaster
neutral	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.	a little boy is riding a roller-coaster
neutral	Two men stand near a piece of large machinery.	The men are operating a machine
entailment	Two men stand near a piece of large machinery.	The machinery is very large
entailment	Two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic.	Two men cut some plastic.
contradiction	Two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic.	Two friends drink beer.
entailment	A female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke.	A woman is swimming.
neutral	A woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter.	A woman older than thirty is outside in winter.
entailment	A woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter.	A woman is exploring containers for something.
entailment	Two boys in running clothes stretching.	The boys are stretching.
neutral	a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot.	A soccer player is walking to his car.
neutral	A bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine.	The man is watching t.v.
entailment	Three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background.	The children are less than 20 yrs old.
contradiction	Three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background.	The two boys and one girl are limbless.
contradiction	A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head.	A man is sound checking his guitar in the back room before a gig.
neutral	Expert snowboard is trying a new trick.	The person is snowboarding on top of a mountain.
contradiction	Expert snowboard is trying a new trick.	The person is surfing on the water.
entailment	Expert snowboard is trying a new trick.	The person is snowboarding.
neutral	A skateboarder does a trick in midair.	A skateboarder doing a kick flip midair.
contradiction	Young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot.	A young person in white next to an older person.
neutral	Young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot.	A young person is standing next to a relative.
contradiction	Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.	Two young boys show prints of a line drawing of inanimate objects.
entailment	Two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a Dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book.	Two women are reading, one has a magazine, while the other has a book.
neutral	Two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a Dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book.	Two women are in the library reading.
contradiction	Two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a Dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book.	Two women are cooking, one has steak, while the other has burgers.
entailment	A woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.	A woman is holding her bag and talking.
entailment	A woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.	A woman holding a bag, and talking on her cellphone, is standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.
neutral	Blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads "Twizzlers" and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck.	a girl looks stylish for the camera
entailment	Blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads "Twizzlers" and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck.	a girl with a helmet wears a dog tag
entailment	Firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	People stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.
entailment	A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree.	A female child, with no shoes but a helmet on,  walks on top of a tree that has fallen down.
neutral	A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.	A girl doesn't like balancing on a tree.
neutral	A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.	A girl is playing on a tree.
neutral	The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa.	The boy is bouncing on the sofa
contradiction	A drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum.	A trumpeter practices for an orchestra.
contradiction	A man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera.	A man is in a dress and has a laptop in front of him
entailment	Two girls playing catch on a lawn	Children playing a game on green grass.
entailment	A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog.	A woman walking a dog
neutral	A group of people are ice skating in a big city.	The people are falling down a lot.
contradiction	A girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side.	A boy is near a waterfall.
entailment	A Young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice.	A girl is standing in a winter landscape.
contradiction	A woman plays guitar for tips.	music can be learn by litsen
neutral	a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street	A mother and child walking up a street
contradiction	a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two adults on a street
neutral	Security officer working outside.	A security officer is dressed in a uniform.
neutral	The cyclist rides on a wooded path.	The cyclist rides quickly alone on a wooded path
neutral	The cyclist rides on a wooded path.	The cyclist rides alone on a wooded path
neutral	The cyclist rides on a wooded path.	The cyclist rides with a companion on a wooded path
entailment	African woman walking through field.	THere is women navigating through the fields.
entailment	An African person standing in a wheat field.	A person standing in a wheat field.
entailment	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A wet golden retriever is in a lake.
contradiction	A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras.	The man has blue sunglasses.
entailment	A barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck.	A man is sitting on a car.
contradiction	A barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck.	A man is snowboarding.
neutral	A man walks by a building at night.	A man is in the city.
contradiction	A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.	A person was sitting on the road.
contradiction	Here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.	The man is driving himself somewhere.
neutral	Here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.	The man doesn't want to be seen.
neutral	Here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.	The man is going somewhere.
entailment	A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.	It is food collection room as a donation.
contradiction	Two children work together on a project at a table.	Two kids play in a park.
contradiction	A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.	A person is on a boat fishing.
entailment	A man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar.	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar
neutral	A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.	The photographer is well dressed and carries a camera.
neutral	A bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole.	A bird is wallowing on a pole.
contradiction	A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.	the people are dying of old age
contradiction	Two boys in front of a soda machine.	Two girls are in front of the snack machine.
neutral	A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water.	People sit on a beach.
contradiction	Man walking a small pug.	The man is walking a large pitbull.
entailment	Three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them.	Two people are listening to the other person on the table speak.
neutral	Three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them.	There are three women sitting on a table.
entailment	The young lady is giving the old man a hug.	The lady is giving the old man a hug.
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	There are people making different poses.
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	Three woman are shopping at the mall.
contradiction	Man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar.	A man is walking.
contradiction	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another.	A couple sits on the stairs.
contradiction	A man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street.	A man is kissing a dog
contradiction	A little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting.	A boy has a white balloon.
entailment	A female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table.	A woman is at a dinner table.
neutral	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.	walkers under a blue sky near the beach
entailment	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.	walkers under a blue sky
neutral	A young african boy skipping rocks.	There is a rock currently skipping down a pond.
contradiction	A man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen.	The man is wearing a baseball uniform.
entailment	While two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing.	Two students jumping in a class.
contradiction	A photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag.	The photo was of two men.
neutral	A woman runs on the beach.	A runner is working out on the sand.
neutral	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him.	A man is walking near an archery range.
neutral	A woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog.	There is a black dog outside.
neutral	A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.	A woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the Staples Center.
entailment	A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.	A woman in a white and red basketball uniform.
contradiction	A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.	A woman in a white and yellow baseball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.
neutral	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area.	A man and a woman are playing together.
entailment	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area.	People are playing a variation of baseball.
neutral	Two people playing badminton.	A man and a woman playing badminton.
contradiction	Two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another.	Two football players are talking.
neutral	An old man holds up a sign.	A man is working.
contradiction	Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill.	Bikers racing downhill.
entailment	Bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs.	A sideshow man in a black costume is performing a trick with fire for the audience.
neutral	A cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street.	The cart of water is for children.
entailment	A cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street.	The cart of water is large.
contradiction	A cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street.	The cart is full of beer.
neutral	Several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center.	men dont like their lunch
contradiction	Several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center.	a bird flies
neutral	Two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie.	Two women are dancing in the street wearing dresses.
entailment	A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs.	A man is playing with dogs.
contradiction	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in.	A soccer player tries to score a goal and the opposing team stops it.
entailment	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in.	A soccer player scored a goal.
contradiction	A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums.	a woman in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar
contradiction	A woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink.	A woman is standing by the food.
contradiction	An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.	A lady is standing.
neutral	An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.	The lady is holding a porcelain cup.
contradiction	A woman taping a paper notice to a board.	A woman tacking a note to a door.
neutral	A man sits on his throne behind the drums.	A king sits behind some drums.
contradiction	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore.	A child is chasing a rabbit in the yard.
entailment	A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd.	A hot air balloon is making a landing.
contradiction	A mother holds her newborn baby.	A father holding a ball.
neutral	A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road.	A child is chasing a car.
entailment	A woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe's.	A woman is walking away from Trader Joe's with a full shopping cart.
contradiction	A rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building.	A survivor searches for a meal.
neutral	A fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight.	A fireman with an axe stands in a burning house.
neutral	A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.	A man in a police uniform is talking to another man.
contradiction	A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.	A man in a swimsuit is talking to another man.
neutral	There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.	The man has no arms.
neutral	There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.	The man is killing a spider.
neutral	A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors.	The man is being served food under an umbrella.
entailment	A man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.	A man driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.
neutral	A man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.	A man driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road in the snow.
contradiction	A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.	A small child is standing by the man.
neutral	A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.	Th small child is watching a performance.
neutral	Four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks.	Grandparents watch their grandkids play in the water.
contradiction	Four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks.	A group of kids slide down a water slide as their parents watch them.
neutral	A young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.	A child is standing on one foot.
neutral	A young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.	A person in a black shirt is standing on one foot.
entailment	A zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her.	A woman is dancing.
neutral	Several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and SpongeBob in front of her.	There's a gathering of cartoon characters.
contradiction	Little girl blows bubbles in a public square.	Little boy blows spit at people who walk by.
contradiction	An older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck.	An older gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse.
entailment	An older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck.	An older gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house.
neutral	The young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard.	A guy is relaxing outside.
entailment	two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves.	Two men without shirts are jumping in the street.
neutral	two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves.	Two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street.
contradiction	The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.	The small child is dressed in tank top and shorts.
neutral	The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.	The small child is dressed in a parka.
neutral	A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.	A man runs along a path.
contradiction	A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.	A man walks to the store.
contradiction	A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There is a a lot of people on a train.
neutral	A group of people sitting around a small round table eating.	The people are enjoying a meal.
contradiction	A group of people sitting around a small round table eating.	The people are dancing around the room in a conga line.
entailment	A middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt.	Two old friends catching up with each other.
entailment	A man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger.	a man argues with another who is making threatening jeastures
entailment	The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park.	A man and a dog are at a dog park.
contradiction	Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat.	The group is fighitng eachother
neutral	Two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt.	Two children are having fun together
contradiction	The red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees.	A man is sitting on his bicycle, waiting for the light to turn green.
entailment	3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera.	3 boating people being video taped.
contradiction	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside.	The skateboard has 8 wheels.
entailment	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside.	The guy is a skateboarder.
contradiction	This person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day.	timmy stares at the remains of Jimmy hoffa
neutral	This person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day.	Ski season has now begun
contradiction	A person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along.	The person is walking
entailment	A man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other.	A man sitting and woman laying in his lap.
entailment	A man performing auto repair in front of a building.	The man is fixing a car.
contradiction	A man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean.	A man is holding a snowboard.
neutral	A man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean.	A man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach.
neutral	A water scene with a sunset in the background.	There is a young couple at the water scene.
contradiction	The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.	A woman is performing a speech for her workers.
neutral	A wakeboarder.	A person rides on a wakeboard along the beach.
entailment	A blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt.	Two people are going to kiss.
contradiction	Two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale.	Two men work in a butchers shop, selling steak.
neutral	Two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale.	A man sells fish from a stall in the fish market.
contradiction	A young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach.	A leprechaun is skateboarding.
neutral	an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.	man coaches players
neutral	A woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children.	The woman is watching the children eat their lunch.
entailment	The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away.	The batsman is on a different team than the others around the pitching mound.
neutral	The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away.	The pitcher just struck out the opposing player at bat.
entailment	A man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder.	A man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk
neutral	A man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder.	A man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night
neutral	Two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game.	Two girls playing hopscotch.
entailment	Group of Asians recording some video.	A group of Asians record a video.
contradiction	A brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community.	A man talks to another.
contradiction	Four people and a dog out in the woods.	Species of animals are indoors.
neutral	A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods.	A little girl in a pink shirt is ready to run in the woods.
entailment	A man and a child painting a post.	The boy and his father making the post look better.
entailment	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall.	the lady is talking on her phne
contradiction	A man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar.	A woman is wearing a mask
entailment	a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a frisbee.
contradiction	a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a baseball.
neutral	a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is outside.
entailment	A woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign.	A woman is playing drums and speaking at the same time.
contradiction	Two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees.	3 men are running
entailment	Two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees.	3 girls are resting
entailment	a lady looks surprised.	Something happened that just surprised a woman.
neutral	a lady looks surprised.	The woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily.
contradiction	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	The black dog has a red toy.
neutral	Two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room.	Two men with matching baseball team shirts are folding a towel.
entailment	Two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room.	Two men are in the living room.
entailment	Two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.	The jackets being worn are red.
neutral	A person standing next to an old dark building.	A man standing next to a run down building.
contradiction	Young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day.	The old folks were racing in their wheel chairs in the rain.
neutral	Two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces.	Two men are mud wrestling.
entailment	A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park.	The children are playing on a slide.
contradiction	A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.	A person is sitting between two televisions.
neutral	Two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.	two white girls running
entailment	Two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.	two girls running
neutral	Two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day.	Two girls with blonde hair are hiking.
entailment	Two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day.	Teenagers are hiking in the cold.
neutral	A performance group is staged in one collective motion.	The performance group is dancing.
neutral	Two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other.	children pranking each other
neutral	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling.	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling.
entailment	Two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on.	the ref watches the two men in the scrimmage game
entailment	At an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground.	Workers preparing for a catered event, with several condiments lining the food table.
neutral	A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by.	A man is outside.
neutral	A group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by.	There is treasure in the trench.
entailment	A group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by.	There is a hole in the yard.
entailment	a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school	A man is break dancing at a school
neutral	A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display.	A woman has been shopping.
neutral	A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display.	A woman walks through a store talking on her phone.
neutral	A child doing gymnastics	A child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd.
entailment	A young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet.	A man and a woman are playing in the snow outside.
contradiction	A young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet.	An old woman and a young man are crossing the street.
neutral	A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round.	The boy is wearing black.
contradiction	A couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette.	Neither one of them enjoy smoking.
entailment	A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.	The surfer is surfing.
contradiction	A surfer on a wave.	A swimmer at a pool.
entailment	A surfer on a wave.	A surfer catching a swell.
entailment	A young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background.	A man is jumping over some rocks near the mountains.
contradiction	pedestrian walking on the street	A person walking inside a building.
neutral	pedestrian walking on the street	A person crossing a busy street intersection.
neutral	Several men helping each other pull in a fishing net.	There is a group of men.
entailment	Several men helping each other pull in a fishing net.	The men are fishing.
contradiction	Several men helping each other pull in a fishing net.	There is one man holding the net.
entailment	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.	The collie is standing in the sand.
entailment	A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.	Several people sitting in a boat.
contradiction	A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.	A group of people waiting for a larger boat.
contradiction	A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.	A group of people on a sunken boat.
contradiction	baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	A baseball player has a green and orange helmet.
entailment	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves.	A little child sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn
neutral	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves.	A child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves
contradiction	A male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone.	A boy is helping his dad dig a ditch.
contradiction	A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.	A three piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.
contradiction	Three men drink at a reflective bar.	Three men are watching a football game at one of their houses.
neutral	Two men are dressed up as snowmen.	two young men are dressed up
contradiction	Two men are dressed up as snowmen.	two women are dressed up
contradiction	One female and two male musicians holding musical equipment.	There four females
entailment	One female and two male musicians holding musical equipment.	They are musicans
contradiction	A group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water.	A man cleans up a spill.
entailment	a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor	The teen is laying down in a mess.
contradiction	a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium	The man is wearing yellow.
entailment	a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium	They are playing ping pong.
entailment	Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.	Person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.
contradiction	A performer plays an instrument for the audience.	The instrument plays a performer for an audience.
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience.	The performer is making music.
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience.	The performer has a flute.
contradiction	Two people in coats kiss on the side of a road.	Two married people avoid looking at one another.
neutral	A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow.	A girl rides a snowboard.
neutral	A light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.	A person is working at a theatre.
contradiction	A light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.	An actress takes the stage.
neutral	A girl bounces in a bounce house.	A girl is bouncing alongside with another girl.
entailment	The man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand.	A man is eating lunch.
entailment	The man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand.	A man is holding a banana.
neutral	A football layer wearing a red shirt.	A built man wearing a tshirt.
contradiction	A football layer wearing a red shirt.	A football player in a black jersey.
contradiction	Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field.	Friends are meeting for coffee.
contradiction	A young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head.	A young African child playing soccer.
neutral	The festivities of the Latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city.	Many visitors have fun at the Latin celebration.
entailment	A small girl with braids blowing bubbles.	A person is entertaining herself.
entailment	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe.	Two boys look on as a married couple get their pictures taken.
contradiction	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe.	Bride running away from her wedding.
neutral	Man sitting playing guitar.	A man is sitting by a campfire, playing guitar and singing.
entailment	A man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage.	A long haired man is practicing to talk into a microphone as though he is on stage.
entailment	A man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage.	A man with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone.
entailment	A woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says "Lucky" that is overflowing with cash.	The elaborately dressed woman stands around with her riches
contradiction	A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike.	The other person laughed.
contradiction	An older woman is holding a small child.	a man holding a baby
contradiction	A man is holding a child on his shoulders.	The child is too big to ride on the mans shoulders now.
entailment	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.	A male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest.
contradiction	Young child standing on a snow pile in a city.	the man is white
contradiction	Young child standing on a snow pile in a city.	a man on a pile
contradiction	A child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection.	A child riding his bike by the beach.
neutral	A small group of people wait to board an MTA bus.	A small group of people wait to board a bus on a city street.
contradiction	A small group of people wait to board an MTA bus.	Large crowds of people wait for a bus.
contradiction	A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes.	A man is holding a leash on someone else dog.
entailment	A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean.	She has a conversation on her phone outdoors
contradiction	A young male sitting in front of a computer monitor	Someone is at the movies with their friends.
neutral	A tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city	they are posing
neutral	A man with a cigarette sits on the stoop.	A man rolls a cigarette and lights it.
neutral	A man with a cigarette sits on the stoop.	An old man is smoking a cigar.
neutral	A large group of people populate a dimly lit room.	A group of people are partying in the large room.
contradiction	A large group of people populate a dimly lit room.	The people are populating the city.
entailment	A young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street.	A man in an orange hat walks his bike down a street.
contradiction	A woman with red-hair staples some papers	A red-haired woman is working on the computer.
contradiction	A woman with red-hair staples some papers	There are women shuffling papers.
contradiction	It looks like quite a sweaty, smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball, but the boys in blue seem to want it more.	A little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty
entailment	It looks like quite a sweaty, smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball, but the boys in blue seem to want it more.	A little boy wants a dirty rugby ball
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.	A soccer player tries to get an interception.
contradiction	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.	A basketball player blocks a shot.
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.	A soccer player gets the interception.
contradiction	A photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset.	The photographer is holding the camera in his hands.
contradiction	Child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play.	A group of people take turns carrying an injured child.
contradiction	Two men are assisting a small girl in a harness.	There are two women helping a boy with a harness.
contradiction	A shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick.	A fully dressed man holds a sign.
neutral	A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road.	A lady is walking down a forest
neutral	A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road.	A woman is running with a stroller down a lot
neutral	A man is repairing roof shingles.	A guy is fixing the roof and falls off.
contradiction	A man is repairing roof shingles.	A guy is jogging.
contradiction	Two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera.	Two guys are standing by a tree.
neutral	Two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera.	Two girls are doing the same pose.
neutral	Three men dancing as a group of people watch.	three men are a dancer
neutral	Three men dancing as a group of people watch.	three men dancing as a stage
contradiction	A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool.	A child is tosses into a box by a woman.
contradiction	Two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them.	He plays a vial of gin.
entailment	Two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them.	Water is nearby.
entailment	A little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.	The child practices guitar indoors
entailment	There is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street.	Two men are wearing jeans for a jean advertisement.
entailment	There is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street.	Two men are wearing jeans.
neutral	two white dogs fighting with each other	The two dogs hate each other.
entailment	two white dogs fighting with each other	The two dogs are having a brawl.
contradiction	two white dogs fighting with each other	The two dogs are playing fetch with their owners.
contradiction	Five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together.	5 girls wakeboarding
neutral	There is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.	There is a man walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.
contradiction	2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.	10 people are kissing
neutral	2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.	2 people are talking
neutral	A girl is blowing a huge bubble.	A girl is playing.
contradiction	A girl is blowing a huge bubble.	A girl is blowing many tiny bubbles.
contradiction	A small child is giving heavy metal signs	A child pretending his hand is a bull.
contradiction	A referee with a whistle in his mouth points to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a defensive player.	A man is running
neutral	Two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.	Two professional athletes playing basketball.
entailment	Two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.	Two men playing basketball.
contradiction	A canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe.	A canoe goes over a waterfall.
contradiction	A young boy is hugging a wooden post.	A boy gets his tongue stuck to a metal post.
contradiction	4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees.	There is a group of people, waiting at the bus stop.
neutral	4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees.	A family visits the zoo.
entailment	A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city.	A kid riding his bike down the street.
contradiction	a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.	The boy's bike is blue.
contradiction	Two cars are being driven in a car race.	Two horses are pacing each other on a race track.
entailment	Two cars are being driven in a car race.	Two cars participate in a car race.
entailment	A young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air.	a gymnast has her leg straight up in the air.
entailment	An engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up.	The engineer had purple gloves.
contradiction	Along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on.	A jury convicts the innocent man because they thought it'd be funny.
contradiction	A curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table.	A man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant.
contradiction	A father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle.	The father is teaching his daughter how to ride a bike.
entailment	A father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle.	A boy is learning how to ride his bike.
contradiction	Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.	Two women with leg hair share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.
entailment	Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.	Men are laughing together on a nice day.
contradiction	A woman sitting in an office.	A women outside
entailment	A woman sitting in an office.	A woman in a office
contradiction	Two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water.	Two people are hiking.
neutral	Two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water.	Two people are in the ocean.
neutral	A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.	The child went swimming.
neutral	A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.	The child is at the beach.
contradiction	A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.	Both girls are doing a dance.
contradiction	A sign indicates "Dangerous Shorebreak" on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach.	The beach is out of water.
neutral	A sign indicates "Dangerous Shorebreak" on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach.	A giant wave splashes the beach.
contradiction	A five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church.	The city laments at their lack of musicians.
contradiction	Two dogs are playing together.	Two pups are eating.
contradiction	A man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it.	A woman smokes a bong.
contradiction	A black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground.	The colors has disappeared form the world.
neutral	A black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground.	The food vendor is selling hot dogs.
entailment	A man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine.	The shirt is blue
contradiction	A person sweeping stairs in a park.	A dog singing karaoke.
entailment	Navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.	Some men are standing on a carpet.
contradiction	Navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.	Some men are waving hello and speaking to their superior.
contradiction	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink.	A woman is scrambling eggs.
entailment	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink.	A baby is getting a bath.
neutral	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.	Three friends standing on top of a ski mountain.
entailment	A young couple holding hands in the park.	A couple are at the park.
entailment	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building.	The construction worker is standing.
contradiction	Child is laughing and playing around.	The child is crying and hurt.
neutral	A man grilling a hamburger.	The man is wearing an apron.
contradiction	a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man.	This woman does not know the man she is pictured with.
neutral	a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man.	The couple is displaying affection.
contradiction	A man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street.	A man on a motorcycle.
neutral	A woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach.	A woman wearing a pink swimsuit.
entailment	A woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach.	A woman wearing a swimsuit.
entailment	A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.	A person is climbing a steep cliff.
neutral	A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.	A man is climbing a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death.
neutral	A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area.	A dog is running in the field towards another dog.
neutral	Two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore.	Two women are having a picnic on the beach.
entailment	Two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore.	Both women are drinking coffee outside.
contradiction	Young Asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.	The young girl is walking among the tulips.
entailment	Young Asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.	The young Asian girl is outside in the rubble.
contradiction	A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background.	The girl is wearing her school uniform.
neutral	Team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way.	A person has a number on his shirt.
contradiction	A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.	A woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
neutral	Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches.	He is yelling at his son.
entailment	Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches.	A man is yelling.
entailment	A woman poses for a picture with a child.	A child poses for the camera with their mother.
entailment	A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.	The blanket is white.
contradiction	A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.	The blanket is black.
neutral	A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.	The baby had dark hair.
entailment	A young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine.	A young girl is in the middle of jumping during her dance routine.
entailment	A young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine.	A young girl is dancing.
contradiction	a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar.	A man is drinking moonshine.
entailment	a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar.	A man is pouring a glass of tea.
neutral	Older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat twirling a woman in a red flower print skirt and white shirt.	People put on a show.
entailment	Older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat twirling a woman in a red flower print skirt and white shirt.	Some old people perform onstage.
entailment	A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought.	Two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree.
neutral	A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought.	Two people wonder how a Christmas tree got inside their house in the middle of July.
contradiction	A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought.	Two people talk loudly in front of a cactus.
contradiction	A young couple thinking about their Christmas decorations.	The couple are decorating for Halloween.
neutral	A group of people standing in a restaurant.	A group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant.
neutral	An olympian leaps over an obstacle.	A sprinter hurdles the barrier.
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man.	A couple is sitting down and smiling at each other.
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man.	A couple is sitting down and smiling.
neutral	A man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.	A many sleeping with his rugby ball.
contradiction	A man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.	A man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball.
contradiction	a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man	Skier beating up photographer.
neutral	Multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background.	Three of the men are talking on their phones.
entailment	Multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background.	The men are wearing several different coloured shits.
contradiction	Multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background.	Most of the men are dressed in white shirts.
entailment	A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street.	The woman is carrying a basket down the street.
neutral	A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street.	The woman is carrying a basket down the street in Nepal.
entailment	A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.	Two dogs fighting over a piece of fabric
neutral	The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face.	The guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what's in the sandwich.
neutral	Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.	Several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties.
entailment	Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.	People talking and drinking while sitting at a table outside.
entailment	A dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change.	A homeless man begs.
contradiction	A person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall.	The man is playing a guitar.
contradiction	A group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market.	The people are buying clothing at a stall in the street market.
contradiction	A small dog looking up to his loving owner.	Some people are shopping.
entailment	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair.	The dog is chained to a chair.
neutral	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair.	The dog is sitting.
neutral	A woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background.	A woman in red is out camping near water.
entailment	The African American man protests against unlawful sex.	The man protests.
neutral	Two dogs either fighting or playing together.	The dogs are in a meadow.
entailment	A group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	The boys in their track jackets in the gym stretch their legs.
entailment	A group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	Wearing their track jackets, the boys form a circle and stretch their legs in the gym.
entailment	A group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	A group of boys are preparing to work out.
contradiction	A group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone.	A group of athletes
neutral	Two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building, with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall.	Two boys are playing a game.
neutral	The man in the sailor suit is holding literature.	A man is sitting in his sailor suit.
neutral	A man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women.	women comment on mans looks
neutral	A man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands.	A man is using his hands.
neutral	An oriental woman in glasses, shooting archery.	The woman is American.
neutral	A man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman.	A man offers a woman a beer.
entailment	A kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down.	I kid is lying down on the train.
entailment	A woman finishing a marathon race.	A woman is finishing a race.
contradiction	A woman finishing a marathon race.	The woman is not going to finish the race.
neutral	Two men shining peoples shoes.	Two men shining shoes in the plaza.
entailment	A man examines a bike during a yard sale.	A man is at a yard sale
contradiction	A man examines a bike during a yard sale.	A woman examines a bike
contradiction	A young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream."	The man is old.
entailment	A young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream."	The young man is standing.
neutral	A man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him.	A man is riding his bike
neutral	A girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses.	A girl is on a snowy mountain.
contradiction	A girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses.	A girl is at the beach.
contradiction	An elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall.	Sandwiches nailed to the wall were commonly mistaken as pictures by the visiting tourists.
neutral	A shirtless man rock climbs.	A man is doing his hobby
contradiction	A shirtless man rock climbs.	A woman is climbing stairs
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed animal.	The animal is indoors.
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed animal.	The dog is chewing on his toy.
neutral	A skateboarder sails over white steps.	The skater was elated.
contradiction	A skateboarder sails over white steps.	The dog jumped over the steps.
contradiction	Two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street.	2 male humans are sleeping.
neutral	Two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street.	2 male humans are working construction.
neutral	A happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated.	A woman stands by a business.
entailment	A happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated.	A woman happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful.
contradiction	A woman in a dress is singing and having a good time.	A woman is having a bad time singing.
contradiction	Women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep.	the man accidentally knocked the women out
neutral	A large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches.	People throw things at the display
neutral	A large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches.	People stand in front of the new display
entailment	A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross.	Pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street.
entailment	A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.	A woman reading a book while sitting on a bench.
contradiction	A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.	A man reading a book while sitting on a bench.
entailment	It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse.	The clown has fallen off the horse.
entailment	A man in a business suit screaming at the camera.	A man is yelling at a camera.
entailment	A group of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch.	A group of Chinese people are hanging out on a porch.
neutral	A child making a sand castle on the beach.	A child uses their imagination.
entailment	A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean.	A man falls down onto his bed
entailment	A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean.	A man falls down onto a bed
contradiction	Two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates.	The girls are racing on jetskis.
entailment	Woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder.	They walk along carrying a bounty of food
contradiction	Woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder.	They fight over the food they bought
neutral	A road crew is working on a road with equipment around them.	A road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them.
neutral	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them.	The couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop.
contradiction	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them.	There are people inside of a store.
entailment	Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail.	The two me are wearing black jackets
contradiction	A man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.	The donkey sign is smeared with paint.
neutral	A man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture.	The man is stealing a sculpture
entailment	This child is getting a pedicure.	Child getting pedicure.
entailment	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaving instructor at the fair.
contradiction	Two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area.	The guys are having a party at the park.
entailment	A person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair.	A man sits in a purple chair.
contradiction	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse.	Young woman are walking
neutral	A small girl is swinging.	a young lady plays outside
neutral	A group of men playing rugby on the sand.	A rugby team plays a match at the beach.
entailment	Beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight.	It is a sunny day.
contradiction	Beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight.	It is late at night.
contradiction	A bundled up toddler is walking over snow.	A toddler walking in sand.
entailment	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd.	A fire performer performing before a crowd.
entailment	A topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car.	A man secures surfboards on his car.
neutral	A woman is using a small scissors on a large net.	A woman is using small scissors on a basketball net.
contradiction	A woman is using a small scissors on a large net.	A woman is using tape on a large net.
contradiction	A child bowling at the bowling alley.	A professional bowling team wins the championship.
neutral	Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot.	The men are cooking dinner.
entailment	Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera.	Smiling at the camera the two women wore red
contradiction	A little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower.	The girl is holding a dead animal
contradiction	This person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day.	The person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building.
contradiction	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.	The dogs are posing at the mountain.
entailment	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.	The three people are posing at the mountain.
entailment	Naked children play on the muddy riverbank.	THE RIVERBANK WAS PLAYED ON BY NUDITY OF KIDS
neutral	Naked children play on the muddy riverbank.	THE NUDE KIDS PLAYED ON THE RIVERBANK  IN THE MUD JUST TO HAVE A MUD BATH
neutral	A female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash.	There is a woman swimming.
neutral	A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs.	some men drinking at the bar together
entailment	Clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup!	fooling around in the bathroom
entailment	A woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers.	A lady is lying in bed.
neutral	A woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers.	An elderly woman is taking a nap.
contradiction	A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam.	A woman outside in the hot sand.
neutral	Person in yellow T-shirt is sleeping.	A person is sleeping on a park bench.
entailment	Person in yellow T-shirt is sleeping.	A person is napping.
entailment	Some folks pick out the food they want at a party.	The party-goers are perusing the buffet.
entailment	A woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it.	The woman is about to open the package.
entailment	A woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it.	The woman is smiling at a package.
entailment	A man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off.	A man's glasses fall off.
entailment	People checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city.	A car door has not been shut
contradiction	Two NHL hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off.	The ballerinas have words before the recitial.
entailment	Two NHL hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off.	The players vigarously compete in their game.
entailment	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.	The bridesmaids are assisting the bride.
contradiction	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.	The three women are exercising in an aerobics class.
neutral	Man recording a video of a woman.	A woman is unknowing being recorded by a man.
entailment	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.	The firefighers are ready to fight a fire.
neutral	Three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.	There are people watching TV
neutral	Three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.	Three students are studying for a test
entailment	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars.	the gymnast is a woman
contradiction	A gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump.	A gymnastics performer is stretching.
entailment	A person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar.	The person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar.
contradiction	A man and a Woman cutting dough.	A man and woman eating vegetables.
contradiction	A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves.	A barefoot boy climbs a tree.
contradiction	A man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.	A man in a sweater vest is looking at a limo.
neutral	A man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.	A construction worker is looking outside.
entailment	A man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.	A construction worker is looking at a car.
entailment	A man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest.	A man pushes a redwood tree in the forest.
neutral	Red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank.	A man wears a white Tommy Hilfiger shirt.
entailment	People trying to get warm.	People are trying to warm up.
neutral	People trying to get warm.	People are outside on a chilly day.
entailment	A man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman.	The man brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman.
neutral	Three women are dancing among the bamboo.	A group of women on the dance floor decorated with bamboo.
contradiction	Three women are dancing among the bamboo.	A group of men are fencing.
contradiction	A man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture.	a man wearing a hat works on his car
contradiction	A man wearing black carving stone.	The man is wearing white.
entailment	A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail.	A kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels.
contradiction	A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail.	A kid in a helmet sleds down a hill.
entailment	A man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it.	A boy happily watches a man jumping on a stage.
contradiction	A woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top	The man's pants are red.
entailment	A woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top	The man and woman who are talking are both wearing black pants.
entailment	On a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride	A man is about to ride in a canoe.
neutral	Two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant.	The restaurant is crowded
neutral	A woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest.	The woman is naturally a red head.
entailment	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground.	People are digging up the earth
neutral	A man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him.	A man has dragon tattoos on his arm.
contradiction	A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van.	a man in his van because he caught his victim
contradiction	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side.	Two people are race car driving.
contradiction	several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	There is one bride.
neutral	A boy and girl kissing in the sunset.	A boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach.
entailment	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.	A baby eating cake messily.
neutral	A man playing a large stringed instrument on the street.	There is a man entertaining outdoors.
entailment	A man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event.	A man in a white shirt is making a speech in front of a crowd.
entailment	Two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter.	people are standing in line at a concert
neutral	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses.	The horses are scrawny.
contradiction	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses.	The oxen are pulling the carriage.
neutral	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.	The two teams are both wearing white sneakers.
contradiction	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.	Red, and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a goal.
contradiction	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.	A coach is showing the gymnast how to use the rings.
entailment	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.	A gymnast is performing a routine on the bars.
neutral	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.	A young gymnast is performing.
neutral	A group of children playing with props	The children are playing with machine guns.
entailment	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass.	A squirrel sits in the grass.
neutral	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass.	A squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day.
contradiction	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.	A man rides horseback in the field.
neutral	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.	A fair is filled with crowds of adults and children.
contradiction	A young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence.	A kid digging a large hole
neutral	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.	the dog is at the beach
contradiction	Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience.	Two female artists are demonstrating punches for the audience.
entailment	Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera.	He takes a photo of the piece of paper.
entailment	A man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The man on a bike was rude to the photographer.
contradiction	A man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The bike rider and the photographer greeted each other warmly.
neutral	A man is standing in the doorway of a building.	The man is walking into a room.
contradiction	A man is standing in the doorway of a building.	A woman is standing in the doorway of a building.
contradiction	A woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet.	Woman kicks children sitting by her feet .
neutral	Three men, who appear to be Asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed.	A man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench.
contradiction	A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk.	The man caries the girl
entailment	A lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands.	Two people, one with a hat, can see baseball from where they are.
contradiction	People are sitting at tables.	A man takes photos of a dog.
neutral	Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness.	A group of scientists are examining a bald man while shaking their heads
entailment	A mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on.	A mountaineer is standing on a mountain.
entailment	A woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground.	The truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleaning, as it's surrounded in mud.
entailment	A woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain.	Women walks through the rain
contradiction	A woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain.	Woman walks down street on sunny day
entailment	A bald man is getting out of a small blue car.	The man is bald.
contradiction	A bald man is getting out of a small blue car.	The bald man got out of a red truck.
neutral	A bald man is getting out of a small blue car.	The man drives a blue car.
contradiction	Woman adjusting her eyeglasses.	Woman fixes her hair.
entailment	Woman adjusting her eyeglasses.	Woman adjusts her glasses.
entailment	A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.	A happy man is picking up a pear.
entailment	A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.	A man is pushing a hand truck.
contradiction	A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.	A girl is wearing a sweater.
neutral	A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.	A boy is with a soccer ball.
entailment	A group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball.	The men are on the beach.
entailment	A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other.	A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand
contradiction	A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other.	A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed bell pepper in one hand
entailment	A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other.	A young smiling girl is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand
contradiction	Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway.	The workers are wearing black.
neutral	A man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.	The man is using a grinder wearing red protective gear.
neutral	Three children are playing on a swing in the garden.	Three children are playing on a blue swing set.
contradiction	Three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing.	three kids in chairs taking tests
neutral	A child looks at a cactus garden.	A child in a red shirt is looking at a massive cactus garden in the desert.
contradiction	A child looks at a cactus garden.	A child is looking at a red wall.
neutral	A man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing.	two people tell jokes
contradiction	A man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby.	A man shows off his baseball cards.
neutral	The three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass.	The three young children are throwing the toilet paper around.
contradiction	Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.	There are three ladies playing in the fountain.
neutral	Men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain.	It's raining heavily on a group of men.
entailment	Men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain.	Men are getting wet with the rain.
entailment	Three men are looking forward and laughing.	Three men find something funny.
contradiction	A woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street.	A woman is covering her eyes from the bright concert lights.
contradiction	People standing at street corner in France.	Some people are taking a tour of the factory.
neutral	People standing at street corner in France.	A group of people wait to cross a Parisian street.
neutral	Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	three kids are taking a batch
entailment	A person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos.	The crowd is admiring the person water-skiing.
contradiction	A couple is taking a break from bicycling.	a couple are racing each other on their bikes.
neutral	A couple is taking a break from bicycling.	a couple sit next to their bikes.
neutral	A couple is taking a break from bicycling.	two people park their bikes.
neutral	A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other.	The very differently dressed men sit next to each other
neutral	A white dog is running on a rocky beach.	It is daytime.
entailment	A white dog is running on a rocky beach.	The dog is white.
contradiction	Commuters wait for to cross a street.	A diver flips in mid-air.
neutral	A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.	A man is on a golf course.
contradiction	A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.	A man wearing pants is walking toward a golf ball.
entailment	A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.	A man is preparing to strike a golf ball.
entailment	A person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog.	They are walking their dog.
entailment	Two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs.	babies are asleep
neutral	Two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs.	twins are asleep
contradiction	Two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs.	babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a Florida beach
entailment	Three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform.	Three men playing soccer.
contradiction	The man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers.	a woman hunts for treasure.
entailment	The man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers.	a man digs to see what he can find.
entailment	This is a clown at an elementary school.	The clown is at a children's school.
neutral	A woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women.	A woman got married.
neutral	A man is standing outside next to a garbage can.	A young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can.
entailment	A young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural.	A young woman skateboards on an outdoor basketball court.
entailment	A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.	The girl with the dark hair is running in the sand.
neutral	A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.	The dark haired girl is running away from a wave.
contradiction	A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.	The dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street.
contradiction	Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day.	Two men sit in the snow and smoke.
entailment	A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.	people are wearing sandals
entailment	A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.	they are going for a walk
neutral	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court.	The basketball player is taking a foul shot.
entailment	A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.	A lady in black leather trench coat, with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bag strapped to her shoulders
neutral	A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.	Some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building
contradiction	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean.	A man fishing at a harbor.
neutral	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean.	Seagulls flying over the ocean.
entailment	Person parasailing with a board in the ocean.	This person is in the ocean.
neutral	Person parasailing with a board in the ocean.	This person is looking at other people.
entailment	man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall.	Two men are in a shopping mall.
contradiction	Two men in conversation while sitting at a bar.	Two men in conversation while sitting on the beach.
contradiction	Two men fixing a bicycle.	Two men work on a motorcycle.
entailment	A man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background.	A man is resting in a stream
contradiction	Two men walking in summer attire.	Two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking.
neutral	Two men walking in summer attire.	Two men are walking down the sidewalk.
contradiction	An older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street.	A man is looking at the ground.
entailment	A young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body.	A man was swimming in the pool.
entailment	Two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe.	The two men are carrying a canoe
neutral	Two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe.	The men are stealing a canoe
neutral	A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.	A woman skis down a hill with a few friends.
entailment	Two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area.	Two girls are playing and having a fight on the snow
entailment	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field.	The water flies off of the dog
contradiction	A large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs.	The group of protesters are ordering ice cream in a store.
entailment	A large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs.	Some people are holding up signs of protest in the street.
neutral	A person swimming in a swimming pool.	A person embraces the cold
contradiction	A person swimming in a swimming pool.	a person is trying not to get wet
neutral	A boy with no shirt is standing in water.	He is outside.
contradiction	The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall.	A red kyak is being ridden.
neutral	A man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people.	A big person in a shirt
entailment	Two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase.	two ladies nap on a bench
contradiction	Two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase.	two ladies jumping for joy
contradiction	A person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside.	A person laying down
entailment	A woman in an office making a phone call	A woman is making a phone call in an office environment.
entailment	An old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards.	An old woman and young man are playing bingo.
contradiction	A moving truck with a ramp still attached.	A moving truck being disassembled.
contradiction	A boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously.	A boy is on his bike.
entailment	A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic.	A person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic.
contradiction	A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic.	The traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap.
neutral	Two men working in a small factory.	Two men in a tool plant.
entailment	Two men working in a small factory.	Men working in a factory.
entailment	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo.	cowboy competing in a rodeo
contradiction	A man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow.	A man is bundled up against the cold as he skis.
entailment	While the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle, a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football.	A ball is kicked while players mingle.
neutral	People in chairs around a table	The people are eating dinner.
neutral	People in chairs around a table	The people have eybrows.
entailment	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.	A blue jacketed boy is skating down the street.
neutral	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.	A blue jacketed boy is speeding down the street.
neutral	A man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.	A man is fishing on a boat.
entailment	A man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer	The two soccer players run around chasing each other
entailment	A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down.	A man wearing green kicks a soccer ball while a man wearing a purple and white outfit falls down.
neutral	A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass.	A man in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
contradiction	A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass.	A man in a suit with gold bricks and a name tag gestures with his hands
contradiction	A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.	A man and a woman are seated
neutral	A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.	A man and a woman are talking
entailment	a girl wearing pink pulls weeds.	The girl is gardening.
entailment	a girl wearing pink pulls weeds.	The girl is destroying plant life.
contradiction	A small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girl is on a beach.
entailment	A number of cute asian children playing tambourines	A group of cute Asian children are playing tambourines
entailment	A number of cute asian children playing tambourines	A group of cute Asian children are beating on tambourines
contradiction	A number of cute asian children playing tambourines	A group of cute Asian children are playing trumpets
neutral	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by.	Two parents and two children are sitting in a field of grass.
entailment	Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.	Two young friends play with ducks
contradiction	A man wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming cap is diving off a cliff.	The man is attempting suicide.
neutral	Two people kickboxing, with others spectating.	This is an official boxing match
entailment	Two people kickboxing, with others spectating.	Two people fighting each other
contradiction	Two people kickboxing, with others spectating.	Two people ticking each other
contradiction	A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.	Guys at a campsite, building a fire.
entailment	A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.	A man is having a conversation with his friend while fishing.
contradiction	A news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence.	A news crew's van has broken down, so they decide to stay home.
entailment	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket.	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
neutral	Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera.	The women are dressed nicely.
entailment	Three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen.	There is a group of women a the deli.
neutral	Three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen.	A grandmother, a mother and child are waiting in line at the deli.
neutral	A woman and little girl look into a display case.	A women is buying a little girl a present.
neutral	A man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack.	A man skis in the wilderness while it's snowing
contradiction	A man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack.	The man is seated
entailment	A man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack.	A man skis in the wilderness
entailment	A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet.	A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game
entailment	A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet.	A photographer is taking many photos of a hockey game
contradiction	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running.	two dogs are eating
neutral	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running.	the dogs are running away
neutral	construction worker working on a structure	A worker is working on a building.
contradiction	construction worker working on a structure	A man is working on a computer.
contradiction	A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire.	A crowd gathers to watch a street performer.
entailment	A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire.	A crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire.
neutral	A boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar.	A boy is singing.
contradiction	City street crowded with sports fans wearing orange.	The sports fans are wearing yellow.
neutral	Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.	Two well dressed boys sit on a red carpet floor inside of a home.
neutral	Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.	Two groomsmen sit on a carpet dressed in tuxedos.
contradiction	Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.	Two small boys draw picturees of trees outside in the grass.
entailment	Man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	There is someone sleeping on the couch.
entailment	A gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.	A man plays an instruement with his eyes closed
contradiction	A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.	A female acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus.
entailment	A man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer.	A man adjusts his tie looking at a laptop
entailment	A man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer.	A man adjusts his new tie in front of a laptop
neutral	Man is shaving in the mirror.	The man has a beard.
entailment	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	Three boys hold baseball gloves.
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	The three boys swing baseball bats
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	Three boys play volleyball as others watch them.
contradiction	Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.	Construction workers are having fun smashing windows.
neutral	Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.	Construction workers are making repairs.
neutral	Two people climbing up some sort of wore structure.	Two people race up a structure
entailment	A group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass.	A group of kids poked at the two small turtles.
entailment	Children are petting small turtles in the grass.	The children are playing with turtles.
neutral	Children are petting small turtles in the grass.	The turtles are walking across the grass.
neutral	Woman standing in a store with an item in hand.	A woman in a store is shopping.
contradiction	A woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches.	A woman is painted with yellow body paint.
entailment	A woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches.	A woman is painted green while holding a hula hoop.
entailment	Two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers.	People are nearby.
contradiction	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.	A boxer is kayaking.
entailment	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.	Tennis player is playing tennis.
neutral	A police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street.	A policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car.
contradiction	A police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street.	A person is on a bike.
neutral	three dogs run through the grass.	Three dogs run through the dead, brown grass.
contradiction	Two girls are kneeling on the ground.	Two girls stand around the vending machines.
entailment	A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man.	A drunk looking couple embracing.
neutral	A man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team.	A man tries to tackle a player in a NFL game.
contradiction	A man is hanging sausages in a market.	A woman is hanging sausages in a market.
entailment	People dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone.	The people are dressed in business clothing.
neutral	A man sitting outside playing a musical instrument.	The man is playing a saxophone.
neutral	A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.	A large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.
entailment	A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.	A woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.
contradiction	A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path.	The person is wading through water.
contradiction	A lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her.	Lady is making burger for her kids
contradiction	A man and woman look upward on a city block.	A man and woman are on a boat.
neutral	The black woman is laying out literature.	A woman is placing pamphlets on a display table.
neutral	A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth.	A member of the army walks his dog.
entailment	A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth.	A member of the army walks a German Shepard.
contradiction	A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth.	A member of the army practices his sniping skills.
entailment	Some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain.	Cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain.
entailment	Four young boys flexing for the camera.	For boys are flexing
entailment	The firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire.	A firefighter is about to put out a fire.
entailment	A little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as Santa Claws.	A boy and his father speak to Santa Claus
contradiction	A little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as Santa Claws.	A girl and his father speak to Santa Claus
entailment	A man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.	A man is getting gas for his car while he talks on his cellphone.
entailment	A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.	a little boy is eating cake
entailment	A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.	a boy is eating cake
entailment	A young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand.	a child has chocolate all over his hand
entailment	A man in a hard hat looks intimidated.	He is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a hard hat.
entailment	Six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table.	Books are strewn on a table as women look through them.
neutral	Children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.	Turtles are crawling in the light green grass.
entailment	Children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.	Turtles are crawling in the green grass.
entailment	Children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.	Turtles are crawling in the white grass.
contradiction	An adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal.	A child blocks a goal with his hockey stick.
neutral	An adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal.	A child blocks a goal with his head.
neutral	Four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by.	Four people sitting near the ocean.
contradiction	A women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium.	A volleyball team is at a beach celebrating.
entailment	A woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk.	The woman in a red dress is outdoors.
contradiction	Two girls looking into camera and smiling	The weeping girls have their picture painted.
entailment	Two girls looking into camera and smiling	Two girls grin into the camera.
neutral	Three young Asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background.	The women each have umbrellas.
contradiction	A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone.	A woman is running on the track.
contradiction	An old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building.	The building is brick.
entailment	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.	A street performer and young boy are entertaining passersby.
neutral	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.	A street performer is working with an apprentice.
contradiction	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.	A boy is performing on stage.
entailment	A group of motorcycles wearing black.	Few motorcycles in black.
contradiction	A group of motorcycles wearing black.	Some motorcycles wearing white.
contradiction	Young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him.	The older bearded man is indeed Gandalf the Grey.
neutral	A group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking.	A group of males are outside reading and singing.
entailment	Two friends having a laugh.	Two friends are laughing.
contradiction	Two friends having a laugh.	Two friends are having a picnic.
neutral	People are shopping around Christmas time for decorations.	People are in the mall shopping.
contradiction	People are shopping around Christmas time for decorations.	People are buying fireworks at a dealer.
entailment	A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge.	A man without a shirt
contradiction	A person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her.	two babies play in the grass
entailment	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train.	There is a lady with an orange scarf, brown boots, and brown jacket on the train listening to music.
entailment	A yellow car drives across a snowy path.	A yellow car is driving in the snow in the winter.
neutral	A yellow car drives across a snowy path.	A taxi cab is driving down a path of snow.
contradiction	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents.	A crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train.
neutral	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.	Rent your own bouncy house today
neutral	Elderly woman climbing up the stairs.	The old lady was walking.
contradiction	Elderly woman climbing up the stairs.	The young lady was walking down the stairs.
entailment	Elderly woman climbing up the stairs.	The old lady was walking up the stairs.
entailment	A group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry.	Group of teens are doing laundry.
neutral	A group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry.	Group of teens are at a laundromat, folding clothes.
entailment	A young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow.	A child plays in the snow while dressed in warm winter clothes.
neutral	An older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel.	An older man in clothing accessories is quietly cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel.
entailment	A young girl with purple pants, a striped jacket, and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of logs.	A girl is climbing up a ladder.
contradiction	A group of people and a dog sitting on the steps.	A group of dogs are waiting for their master.
contradiction	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.	Two guys are rollerblading.
neutral	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.	A skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting.
entailment	A farmer tends to his chores.	A farmer works on their farm.
neutral	A farmer tends to his chores.	A farmer feeds their cows.
contradiction	A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair.	A guy is in a hot, sunny place
neutral	Twenty five people are marching.	A man plays the trombone on the sidewalk.
neutral	Twenty five people are marching.	A marching crowd goes down the street.
entailment	Twenty five people are marching.	A big group marches around.
contradiction	A older man working at a loom	A young man at the loom.
entailment	A older man working at a loom	An old man looming some threads.
contradiction	Four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops.	A group of men looking at fishing poles.
entailment	Four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops.	A group of women looking at laptops together.
entailment	Many women trying out and looking at laptops in a Walmart.	Women are shopping for computers at a large store.
entailment	A dad with his child and an apple pie.	A dad and his child are eating apple pie.
neutral	A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.	A woman is in the sunshine.
neutral	A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.	A woman is reading outside.
neutral	A group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph	A group of people are watching a shuttle launch.
neutral	two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	A pair of strippers do a dance
entailment	two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	Two women don't wear much clothing.
neutral	Two small girls are holding stuffed animals.	The girls are showing their mother the presents the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter basket.
contradiction	Two small girls are holding stuffed animals.	The girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street.
entailment	The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball.	A orange uniform basketball player with ball is guarded by, a blue uniform opponent team player
neutral	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk.	The outfits are orange.
neutral	A young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench.	A young woman is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach.
contradiction	An older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street.	The man is VanGogh.
contradiction	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate.	An Obama supporter is upset that the President lost his second term.
entailment	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate.	Someone is cheering for a presidential candidate.
contradiction	Two men watching one man make a golf putt on the set of Sports Center.	People are walking in a road.
neutral	A solo cyclist is riding down a windy road.	The cyclist falls down the windy road
contradiction	A solo cyclist is riding down a windy road.	The cyclist is not riding
contradiction	An Asian technology demonstration of computers and other gadgets.	The Asian likes Mexican food.
entailment	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.	A dog is mid-air, jumping to catch a tennis ball.
contradiction	A man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery.	The man is wearing tan pants.
contradiction	The German shepherd runs happily in the park.	Dog lays down outside.
contradiction	A man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers.	Thi
contradiction	Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture.	Uniformed people are eating
neutral	A young boy in green is practicing kicking.	the young boy is playing soccer
contradiction	A young boy in green is practicing kicking.	the young boy is wearing black
entailment	A young boy in green is practicing kicking.	the your boy is excercizing.
entailment	A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box.	A woman puts candy away
entailment	Two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.	The men are playing basketball with no audience.
neutral	Two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.	The men are making shots.
contradiction	Two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.	The men are playing in front of a huge crowd.
contradiction	A man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.	a man is at an auto shop.
entailment	Two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes.	Two girls eating cupcakes.
contradiction	A person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an ATV on a track.	Somebody is driving a boat.
entailment	The racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate.	The dogs are racing down the track.
contradiction	Two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road.	The workers were wearing safty gear.
neutral	an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.	Gentleman window shops.
neutral	an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.	Well dressed looter.
neutral	Two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down.	Some members of the marching band are sitting while others are standing.
entailment	One man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market.	The man is standing on a truck.
entailment	The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow.	dogs carrying a big log in a meadow.
contradiction	The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow.	Dogs running through a puddle of water.
neutral	Two men renovate a brick wall outside.	Two men are laying bricks.
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.	A cute dog was chasing the cat through they alley.
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.	A dog was sniffing his food before eating it.
neutral	A person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.	The person is cozy.
contradiction	A person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.	The person is wrapped in a straightjacket.
neutral	A person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.	The person is sitting on the floor.
entailment	A man on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlookers enjoy.	a man on stilts performs a trick for an audience.
contradiction	A young redheaded woman laughs at something.	A young redheaded man laughs at something.
entailment	A man and women sleeping outside on a bench.	A man and women sleeping together outside on a park bench.
entailment	A man and women sleeping outside on a bench.	A couple asleep on a bench outside.
contradiction	A man and women sleeping outside on a bench.	A man and a woman feeding eachother food at a table.
contradiction	A young boy gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause.	A young girl gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause.
contradiction	A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.	A woman is sitting outside in the rain.
neutral	A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.	A man is working in a restaurant.
neutral	One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store.	one lady looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone
entailment	Two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee.	The men are playing frisbee.
neutral	A group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal.	The people are at the beach.
entailment	A kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race.	Children competing in a relay race.
entailment	A kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race.	A team of youths race to finish first in a relay race on a beach.
neutral	Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street.	An old taxi drives on a street.
contradiction	Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street.	People walk through a store.
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.	People are playing basketball.
contradiction	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.	Two teams are competing in hockey.
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.	A basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white.
contradiction	A woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot.	A woman is standing next to a flower pot in her own home.
contradiction	A woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot.	A woman is a dress is standing next to a flower pot.
neutral	Child swimming in a pool.	A child swims laps in a lap pool.
entailment	A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy.	A dog is running to catch a colorful ball
neutral	A white dog next to a basement window.	A Pomeranian next to a window
neutral	A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.	The man is outside
contradiction	Person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail.	a person sitting on a bench
entailment	A young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it.	A kid climbing some logs
neutral	a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth.	A dog is outdoors.
contradiction	a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth.	The dog is white.
contradiction	A man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car.	A tourist takes a picture of the city skyline at dusk.
neutral	A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean.	A daring man in the surf.
entailment	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate.	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
entailment	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate.	A man is happily celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
contradiction	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate.	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting guns in the air
contradiction	A woman is standing at a podium.	A man is standing at a podium.
entailment	A man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street.	The man is walking down the street.
entailment	A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event.	The woman is wearing a blue shirt.
neutral	A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.	A man eats a doughnut with his coffee.
entailment	A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.	A person is drinking coffee.
contradiction	A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.	A woman drinks.
entailment	A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle
contradiction	A happy woman who is preparing for dinner.	A sad woman is watching TV.
neutral	A happy woman who is preparing for dinner.	A woman is cooking dinner for the guests.
contradiction	A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV.	A boy and girl are waiting patiently in line.
neutral	A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV.	A boy is pushing a girl on a toy SUV inside of a nice house.
neutral	The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.	The man is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not.
neutral	A man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead.	A man has hair.
contradiction	A man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead.	A man is indoors.
contradiction	A guy with a football, a crowd watching him.	There is a guy with a basketball.
contradiction	Two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.	Two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts.
contradiction	A lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day.	Somebody is riding a bike during a storm in the desert.
neutral	Two African American men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone.	The three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen.
contradiction	Two African American men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone.	Three Asian men work at a bar.
contradiction	Basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop.	A woman watching the game.
entailment	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud	The group is skiing.
neutral	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud	The sun sets as a group of skiers finish a race.
neutral	Four human figures are backlit by a sunset.	Four men are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun
neutral	Four human figures are backlit by a sunset.	Four men are standing on a hill watching a sunset
entailment	Four human figures are backlit by a sunset.	A beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four figures silhouetted against it's backdrop
entailment	Seven young girls are being creative and making posters.	Girls are making posters.
neutral	Seven young girls are being creative and making posters.	The girls are using paints and markers on the signs.
neutral	A man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind.	People trying to read what a man is writing.
entailment	A man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind.	A man scribbles indoors.
entailment	A teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball.	There is a teenager playing golf in a field.
contradiction	A man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes.	A husband and wife lay on the beach.
entailment	A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street.	A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street sidewalk outside.
entailment	A blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks.	A blonde girl is playing.
entailment	A blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks.	A blonde child is playing.
neutral	Some youngsters are playing a card game	people play poker
entailment	A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.	white outfit women playing tennis
neutral	A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.	women playing
contradiction	A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.	women at work
entailment	four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.	Four children are dancing around a pole.
neutral	four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.	Four girls are dancing around a pole.
entailment	Little kids play a game of running around a pole.	A bunch of young kids play a game that requires them to run around a pole.
contradiction	a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station.	A group of workers on their lunch break.
contradiction	A man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky.	A woman is running
entailment	Workers at Basking Robbins are filling orders.	Workers filling orders at basking robbins
entailment	A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.	A man with a duffel bag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street.
neutral	A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.	A man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street.
contradiction	A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.	A man with a breif case stands near a corner as a woman walks past.
neutral	A man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.	The man is in a store.
entailment	A man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.	The man is wearing brown.
contradiction	A woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue.	Two sisters are flipping each other off.
entailment	A woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette.	A woman is walking down the street of shops.
entailment	A white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field.	A man pushing away another man on the soccer field.
neutral	A woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather.	A woman is taking a picture with an older woman.
entailment	It's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance.	Crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade
contradiction	It's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance.	People have gathered for a funeral
entailment	A woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind.	The lady is riding a bike.
contradiction	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot.	Two magicians are performing on stage.
entailment	A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.	The man is holding a pencil.
neutral	A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.	The man is drawing a picture.
contradiction	A little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on.	There are people watching the bus pass by
entailment	A young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup.	A young kid is drinking out of a cup.
neutral	A young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup.	A kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park.
contradiction	A young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup.	The kids were in awe as they listened pasionately to the story of the young boy.
neutral	A man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera.	The man is outdoors.
neutral	A man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera.	The man has pants on.
entailment	A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower.	The man poses with a yellow flower.
contradiction	A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower.	The man is near a red flower.
entailment	A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower.	The man stands before the camera outside.
neutral	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.	A boy is attending an event
contradiction	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.	A boy is cheering for his team.
entailment	A man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus.	A guy is riding the bus.
entailment	A large group of people gather at a piano bar.	A large group going out
neutral	A large group of people gather at a piano bar.	A group of men at a piano bar
entailment	There are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side.	Two women are jogging by the beach.
neutral	A historic-looking building.	The town hall
neutral	A historic-looking building.	An older building
neutral	A young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot.	The young man is juggling balls.
contradiction	Two women in bathing suits play on the beach.	Two girls are helping their mom with the laundry.
entailment	Two women in bathing suits play on the beach.	Two ladies are wearing swimsuits.
neutral	A runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch.	A runner in front of his supporters
contradiction	A shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.	A man is working at a car wash
entailment	A policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window.	The policeman is sitting.
contradiction	Man seated in a uniform that says "Polizes" on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard, some papers, and a computer in front of him.	The man is playing a guitar.
contradiction	Three military officials are battling a fire my a building.	Three military officials sit by a lake and are fishing.
entailment	A black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.	A man has black hair.
contradiction	A black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.	The man is blond.
neutral	A man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses.	A man with glasses is looking at drinking glasses.
entailment	Painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.	A painter copying masterpieces in a museum.
contradiction	Painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.	A painter creating an original work of art.
neutral	An artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art.	A painter works on a copy of a Rembrandt.
neutral	A woman wearing sunglasses is frowning.	A woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning.
contradiction	A woman wearing sunglasses is frowning.	The happy woman has big green eyes.
entailment	A woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym.	They are in a gym
entailment	Four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.	Four kids are wearing hats with streamers.
neutral	Four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.	Four kids are waiting in line for the bus.
entailment	A runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race.	he is running against a group of people
neutral	A person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people.	A person is at a concert.
entailment	A young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water.	A girl checks her phone on a boat.
contradiction	Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.	Lots of people are walking by a small red building.
neutral	Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.	A group of children are relaxing in front of a large red building.
entailment	Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.	A crowd relaxes in front of a large red building.
neutral	Three men play musical instruments.	Three people with guitars.
contradiction	Three men play musical instruments.	Three people build a house.
entailment	A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot.	A woman is lying in the grass.
neutral	A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot.	A woman is taking a break and lying in the grass.
entailment	A young boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him.	A boy lays down in front of a tent
neutral	Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.	A woman and young girl celebrating together.
contradiction	Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.	A woman bathing her daughter.
entailment	Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.	A young girl putting confetti in a lady's hair.
neutral	A man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill.	A man in blue jeans cooks hot dogs on the grill.
entailment	A man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people.	A man is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt.
contradiction	A man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people.	A man is pointing into the foot and wearing a striped shirt.
contradiction	A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass.	A girl is chasing a rabbit.
neutral	A firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.	The firefighter can't enter the building.
neutral	Two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.	The men are standing in a parking garage.
entailment	The man in colorful shorts is barefoot.	The man has shorts but no shoes.
entailment	The man in colorful shorts is barefoot.	The man in shorts is not wearing footwear.
entailment	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.	The rider and horse are covered in gear.
neutral	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.	Pets galloping down the street.
entailment	A woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom.	The woman is in the bathroom
entailment	A small dog runs to catch a ball.	A little dog chases a ball.
contradiction	Bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.	A woman is walking after a man who is running from her.
contradiction	Man in robe making designs on dirt ground.	A man playing in the sand at the beach.
entailment	Man in robe making designs on dirt ground.	A man making designs in the dirt outside.
neutral	A man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence.	There is a statue behind a person.
neutral	A man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed.	The man and boy are in a bedroom.
entailment	A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.	A woman climbing down a tree.
entailment	A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.	A woman with red hair.
neutral	An Indian woman is dancing with her partner.	A woman has dark skin.
contradiction	A yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it.	A worker is on a break.
entailment	Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.	The person is snowboarding.
contradiction	Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.	The person is resting.
contradiction	A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.	A man sitting on a bench outside.
contradiction	Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting.	A man chops veggies.
contradiction	A man in gray on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains.	The man is underwater looking for fish.
neutral	A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	People are spending a day at the beach.
entailment	A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a cellphone.
entailment	A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	A  girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.
contradiction	A man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him.	The men are hosting a news show.
contradiction	Five rodeo contestants wait their turn.	Two rodeo contestants wait their turn.
entailment	Children on the beach with their dog.	The children are at the ocean with their dog.
neutral	Children on the beach with their dog.	The children are playing catch with their dog.
neutral	A jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street.	People having a parade on a street.
contradiction	A woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about GLAM U WIKI.	A woman is doing a stage dive into a crowd.
entailment	A woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about GLAM U WIKI.	A woman is standing at a lectern.
entailment	An older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas.	An older looking couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outside.
neutral	A dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people.	A man takes his lunch break in the park.
contradiction	Two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear.	The women are in their underwear.
contradiction	A man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags.	Chew Wrigley's Spearmint beer.
neutral	A man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags.	An old man works.
entailment	Two women are relaxing in a hot tub.	A couple of women are in the hot tub.
neutral	Two women are relaxing in a hot tub.	Two women are on vacation in the hot tub.
entailment	Phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street.	Phone to her ear, a woman bends forward
contradiction	Phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street.	Phone to her butt, a woman bends forward
neutral	The man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks.	The man is wearing purple jeans.
entailment	The man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks.	A man is wearing a blue shirt.
neutral	Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car.	The theme of the photo is red.
neutral	Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car.	Everything in the photo is red colored.
contradiction	An SUV traveling through mud.	A four wheeler is passing
contradiction	An SUV traveling through mud.	Biking done on the rocky hill
contradiction	A man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street.	The man's shirt is white.
entailment	A soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by.	The players are all trying to get the ball from the opposing team.
entailment	A child sits in a tree holding a branch.	A child sits in a tree.
entailment	Customers are ordering food at a cafe.	There are customers at a cafe ordering food.
entailment	Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.	Two women are petting a kangaroo
contradiction	Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.	The women are wiping a windshield
neutral	A girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches.	A girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches.
contradiction	An Asian man makes faces for the camera.	The man is not Asian.
neutral	An Asian man makes faces for the camera.	The man is wearing a white shirt.
neutral	a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A couple hang out on the beach.
neutral	The man in the white shirt holds up a playing card.	The man is holding up the Ace of Spades.
neutral	Casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day.	A bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes.
contradiction	A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.	The boy is swinging at his baseball game.
contradiction	A man crouches down next to a motorcycle.	A man stands near a fire hydrant.
neutral	A man crouches down next to a motorcycle.	A man is stealing parts from a motorcycle.
contradiction	A man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree.	The man is making a snow angel.
neutral	A man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree.	The man is skiing.
contradiction	An elderly Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese.	A women is eating some friend dumpling dumplings
contradiction	A young black man is getting his hair buzzed off.	The lady is at the hair salon.
neutral	A young black man is getting his hair buzzed off.	The man has long hair.
neutral	Five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five girls are wearing different colored dresses.
entailment	A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen.	A young woman dressed in white works in a very good kitchen
neutral	A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen.	The young woman makes a meal.
entailment	two girls looking out the window at "Hair at Hart."	Two kids wait for their mom to finish her hair appointment.
neutral	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent.	One wrestler is wearing green.
contradiction	People waiting on a train platform.	People survive a horrible train crash.
neutral	Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera.	a dog is in a pond
entailment	The woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings.	The dress is white.
contradiction	A man is socializing with another man in the bar.	Two women enjoying happy hour.
entailment	A man is socializing with another man in the bar.	Two men talking in a bar.
neutral	A young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.	A woman buttons the baby's pajamas while a baby cries.
contradiction	A young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.	A young baby smiles.
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues.	The statue is made of marble.
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues.	The people are taking photos of the statue.
contradiction	a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd.	A girl takes a photo of a dog.
contradiction	A baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat.	The person is crying near some animals.
entailment	An old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door.	A man wearing a blue shirt and white pants
neutral	An old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door.	A man resting outside
neutral	an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.	A man is being tortured by other people.
neutral	an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.	A man is attempting to run away.
neutral	A man with no shirt on is holding a football.	A man poses for a photo with a football.
contradiction	A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.	An animal is sleeping outside.
neutral	A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance.	A man is refuelling his car.
neutral	A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance.	A man is outside at night.
entailment	An elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently.	a woman holding her scruffy dog
neutral	A group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left.	A group of people are sitting in a business room when they notice something on the left.
neutral	A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background.	A woman has left her bike outside a store while she goes inside.
entailment	Men wearing hats walk on the street.	The men having hats on their head.
entailment	A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls.	The people are indoors.
contradiction	A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls.	The people are attending an outdoor art festival.
contradiction	A young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth.	A man is wearing a cowboy hat.
entailment	Three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall.	Three young women are performing in front of a big audience.
contradiction	A woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting.	A man sits on a ledge
neutral	A woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting.	A woman sits in front of ancient indian ruins
contradiction	A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building.	A man in a blue shirt poses for the camera.
entailment	A young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding.	A boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself.
neutral	A man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.	A man is acquiring information.
entailment	A shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag.	The man is not wearing a shirt.
contradiction	A shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag.	The man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket.
neutral	A shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag.	The man doesn't care much about his health.
entailment	A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	The children are watching the man blow up balloons
entailment	A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	The children watch the man make dogs and giraffes out of balloons
contradiction	A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	A man is making cotton candy for the children.
neutral	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy.	A boy is walking on the street
entailment	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.	A boy is on the swing set.
contradiction	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.	A boy is afraid to go on the swing.
neutral	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.	A boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set.
entailment	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket, sunglasses, brown leather boots, silver designer handbag, sitting on a fire engine red park bench.	A nicely dressed woman is sitting in the park.
contradiction	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket, sunglasses, brown leather boots, silver designer handbag, sitting on a fire engine red park bench.	A homeless man is sitting on a park bench.
neutral	Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.	Two young boys dressed like cows are posing.
neutral	Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.	The men are standing in total darkness.
contradiction	A woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains.	A person is in the woods.
neutral	A man holds up a sign that reads "tattoo" as many people walk near him.	A man is holding a sign a yelling "tattoo".
entailment	A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for.	A person throws a toy for a dog.
entailment	A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for.	A dog is looking for a toy.
contradiction	A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for.	A dog is looking for a cat.
neutral	Several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines.	The people watching from the sidelines cheer.
contradiction	A man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera.	Two men take a picture together.
entailment	A man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.	A human not wearing any clothes is in a room.
contradiction	A man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.	A man dressed in a coat is in a kitchen.
neutral	A man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.	An old man dressed only in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna.
entailment	A little girl in a pink dress crying.	An upset little girl is throwing a tantrum.
neutral	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat.	The baby and the cat are in the living room.
entailment	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat.	The baby and the cat are in the same room
neutral	The dog is in the snow in front of some trees.	A dog is playing in the snow.
contradiction	A young boy is playing in the sandy water.	A young boy is playing in the grass.
contradiction	An elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out.	A medic is treating someones wounds with bandages he is holding.
neutral	A woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket.	A lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black outside of a church.
entailment	A boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water.	The boy is running towards a bigger group of people.
contradiction	A boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water.	A boy can't swim so he didn't go to the beach with his family.
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway.	A man is sitting at a table.
contradiction	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard.	Two brown and white dogs run on thick brown carpeting.
neutral	Two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	Two old women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed
contradiction	A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt.	A woman has a helmet on a motorcycle.
entailment	A couple opening up a new electronically mixer.	A couple opens a new appliance together
contradiction	A couple opening up a new electronically mixer.	The couple purchased a used mixer
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background.	There are some people doing the limbo.
neutral	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.	Several dogs are racing and one is jumping over a hurdle.
neutral	A man on a ladder in tall grass.	The man is wearing glasses.
entailment	A street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera.	A street performer is acting out a scene.
neutral	A man running in a race passes by spectators.	The person is running a marathon.
contradiction	A man running in a race passes by spectators.	A man in a kayak passes by spectators.
contradiction	Topless girl riding a red bike.	The woman is wearing a shirt.
entailment	a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd.	The crowd watches him
contradiction	A man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him.	Two men can not see each other because there is a wall in their way.
contradiction	Two young girls are jumping off of a steep step.	Two young girls walk up a slide.
entailment	Middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom.	The man is cleaning off his car.
neutral	Man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books.	Two people are shielded by paperbacks.
neutral	Four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk.	Four women are shopping for jewelry.
neutral	White dog playing in the snow.	The dog has cold paws from the snow.
entailment	White dog playing in the snow.	The dog enjoys the snow.
neutral	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.	The dog is running with a ball in its mouth.
contradiction	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field.	The dog is chasing after a rolling tennis ball.
contradiction	Several people are waiting in a metro station.	The people are outside in the snow.
entailment	Several people are waiting in a metro station.	The people are indoors.
entailment	A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.	A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.	A small child dressed for winter stares across a large lake while leaning on a mesh fence
neutral	A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair.	A person is thrown gleefully screaming into the air by a bungee-jumping ride
entailment	An Asian man is performing with face paint on.	The Asian man is a performer.
entailment	An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.	An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him.
neutral	An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.	An ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him
entailment	Two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera.	Dogs are digging a hole.
neutral	The brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him.	The animal is walking through a forest.
neutral	A policeman on a motorcycle from the rear.	An officer driving down a street.
contradiction	A policeman on a motorcycle from the rear.	An officer on a chopper.
entailment	A person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive.	Someone is flying through the sky
neutral	A person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive.	A person is skydiving alone
entailment	A man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by.	A man is riding a tiny train and sees another man on a different train.
contradiction	A businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table.	man in suit
contradiction	A businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table.	man on lunch break
entailment	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail.	Four people are walking along a mountain trail.
contradiction	A silver car is passing by the entrance of the Hotel Carmel, and several people are outside.	There is a red car passing the entrance of the Hotel Carmel.
neutral	A silver car is passing by the entrance of the Hotel Carmel, and several people are outside.	The people are staying at the Hotel Carmel.
neutral	A woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.	The woman is carrying a bag with her laptop.
contradiction	A woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.	A woman is wearing green.
entailment	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers.	A small animal is trying to get some plant life.
contradiction	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers.	A dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a tree.
neutral	A man in a boom lift bucket welds.	A man is working indoors.
contradiction	A man in a boom lift bucket welds.	A man is painting.
entailment	Two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand.	A group of people are playing basketball.
neutral	A group of people are outside working.	Construction workers are building something.
contradiction	A group of people are outside working.	A group of children are swimming outside.
entailment	There's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system.	A red bus making a turn
contradiction	Two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day.	It is nighttime.
neutral	Two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day.	The two men are not wearing shirts.
neutral	A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream.	A woman is standing in a kitchen.
neutral	A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream.	A woman is making a snack.
contradiction	Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an "angry "man "chokes" a woman who sticks out her tongue.	A man is hugging the woman
contradiction	A girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair.	A girl is running outside.
neutral	A man in a business suit has just crossed the street.	The man is walking.
entailment	An old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it.	An older man, probably a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it.
entailment	A man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background.	A man is hitting a golf ball.
contradiction	A man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart.	A woman is smoking a cigarette.
neutral	A man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart.	An old man pushing a cart.
neutral	A man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water.	The man is standing by a river.
contradiction	A dog jumps over a pile of wood.	A dog rests on a pile of wood.
entailment	Two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue.	The men are playing soccer.
neutral	A well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers.	A grandmother is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it.
entailment	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.	The woman hits a ball.
entailment	Small girl riding in play car.	A girl is riding in a toy car.
contradiction	A young man standing outside a laundromat.	A woman is at the laundromat.
contradiction	A child on a swing.	The child is on a sled.
entailment	A man is performing for a group in front of a white house.	The man's performance was outside of a house.
entailment	a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue.	a dog chases a boy
contradiction	A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.	Man building a house out of stone.
entailment	A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.	Man sitting near table in a fabric-draped room.
neutral	A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building.	girl plays in park
entailment	A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building.	girls jumps off swing
neutral	A group is walking between two giant rock formations.	A group is hiking.
entailment	Four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water.	Four people are standing up.
contradiction	A man in purple tie is singing.	A man is talking to others.
entailment	An old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.	The man is old
contradiction	An old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.	The man is 10 years old
neutral	An old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.	The man is 100 years old
entailment	A little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard.	A young girl is drawing on a chalkboard.
entailment	A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer.	The woman is wearing shorts.
contradiction	A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.	A racer on horseback.
contradiction	A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.	A person waves at the camera.
neutral	An older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen.	An old woman is making spaghetti.
entailment	An older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen.	An old woman is in the kitchen.
contradiction	An older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen.	A young woman is making food in the kitchen.
entailment	Two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed.	Two women are eating lollipops.
contradiction	Two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed.	Two sisters are eating cotton candy.
entailment	Men at a party hanging out on the front porch.	There are men at the party.
neutral	Men at a party hanging out on the front porch.	They are smoking cigarettes on the porch.
contradiction	A man and two women are walking down a wooded path, the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage.	Two guys kidnap a woman.
entailment	Girls giving a presentation for a school class.	The girls are inside a school.
contradiction	Girls giving a presentation for a school class.	The girls are watching a presentation in a classroom.
neutral	Girls giving a presentation for a school class.	The girls are in front of a blackboard in a classroom.
neutral	A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi.	A taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow taxi.
contradiction	The man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack.	The sneakers are white.
neutral	A choir of youths are singing.	they are singing in a christmas program
contradiction	A newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head.	This person's only job is being a welder on an oil rig.
neutral	A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt.	A couple of young people hanging out.
contradiction	A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt.	An old couple watches the sunset.
neutral	A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt.	A couple of young people are at a concert.
entailment	A man and a woman are on a seesaw.	Two adults on a seesaw.
neutral	A man and a woman are on a seesaw.	Two attractive adults on a seesaw.
contradiction	A man and a woman are on a seesaw.	Two children on a seesaw.
contradiction	The person is reading a book.	A man listens to an audio book.
entailment	Sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation.	Young men are arguing.
neutral	Sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation.	Young men went out on the balcony to argue in private.
neutral	A little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods.	A boy walks to school through the woods.
contradiction	A man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	A woman keeps flowers to herself.
contradiction	A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.	A little baby is wearing red.
contradiction	A woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair.	The man is ready to fight
contradiction	There is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone.	A women is on stage holding a guitar and is ready to perform for the audience.
contradiction	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone.	A woman wearing a blue scarf is working at a factory.
contradiction	A woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom.	the woman is standing
contradiction	A man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks.	A man with his diving gear.
neutral	Two girls in bathing suits are in water.	Girls in swim suit attracting the guys through glamour
neutral	Two girls in bathing suits are in water.	Two girls are swiming in a pool
neutral	Two girls in bathing suits are in water.	Two girls practicing swimming in a pool
contradiction	Politician John McCain on a talk show.	John McCain is hosting a talk show.
entailment	Politician John McCain on a talk show.	John McCain is on a talk show.
contradiction	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection.	Traffic drives through the crosswalk.
neutral	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection.	Traffic is stopped at a red light.
contradiction	Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Mane people sit in the street.
contradiction	A young Asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture.	A child notices his mom taking a picture.
neutral	Three people are outside.	Three people enjoying the great outdoors.
neutral	Three people are outside.	Two people standing.
neutral	Uniformed group walks down a street.	A group of soldiers patrol the street.
contradiction	Two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk.	An old pirate shows off all his extreme tattoos.
entailment	Two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza.	Kids are splashing around in a fountain.
contradiction	A man in a black hat opens his mouth.	A man in black hat keeps his lips sealed.
entailment	A woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other.	The top is pink
contradiction	A man jumps off a cliff with a city view below.	Man walks down a hill.
contradiction	Two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of Mr. T in the background.	They are hanging out with Mr. Rogers.
entailment	Two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of Mr. T in the background.	They are in the kitchen.
entailment	Two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of Mr. T in the background.	They are indoors.
contradiction	Two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk.	Some women are applying makeup.
contradiction	The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake.	A girl has tripped and fallen into a pile of raked leaves.
neutral	The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake.	A girl is falling off a pier, into a lake.
entailment	Two women sitting at a table with their hands together.	Two women are sitting down.
contradiction	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant.	People are ready to order Chinese food
neutral	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant.	People are listening to mariachi music
neutral	A woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right.	The woman is looking at a dog.
contradiction	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.	There is a person sitting on the bed.
contradiction	A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.	A woman in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street.
neutral	A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.	The girl is watering pansies and daisies.
entailment	A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.	The girl is giving the flowers some water.
contradiction	A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.	The girl is putting water in the pot.
entailment	The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course.	Kid are allowed to attempt the assault course.
contradiction	People wearing sombreros drink shots happily.	Mourners toast their lost loved ones.
neutral	A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball.	A woman is in a bowling alley.
neutral	Two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood.	Two people are working on their vehicle.
contradiction	A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe.	A woman in an orange jacket.
neutral	A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe.	Two elderly men cat calling at a woman.
contradiction	A woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow.	The woman in the blue jacket has three legs and two heads.
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat.
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A man in a baseball game hits a foul ball.
contradiction	batter hits a baseball	An umpire signals that the runner sliding into home plate is "out".
entailment	A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.	A black dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its owner.
entailment	A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.	The black dog is swimming.
entailment	A young boy is taking American flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans.	A young boy is honoring fallen veterans.
neutral	two samoyads play in the snow.	It is snowy outside.
neutral	two samoyads play in the snow.	The Samoyads are wrestling.
entailment	A young boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a log in the fall.	A boy is sitting on a log.
contradiction	Two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass.	Two boys smile wearing tank tops.
neutral	Children are playing in the street with a toy.	The children have a ball.
neutral	Children are playing in the street with a toy.	The children are near some cars.
entailment	A little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning.	The boy is sitting.
neutral	A little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning.	The boy is 2 years old.
contradiction	A little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning.	The boy is standing.
contradiction	A person is surfing a big wave.	A person is sitting in a chair.
neutral	A male baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball.	That player has never missed a catch.
entailment	A male baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball.	The male baseball player belongs to the Cleveland Indians.
neutral	A soldier using binoculars in a desert.	A soldier using binoculars searches for the enemy in a desert.
entailment	A soldier using binoculars in a desert.	A soldier using binoculars outside in the heat.
contradiction	A soldier using binoculars in a desert.	A soldier standing outside of a palace.
contradiction	A beach boardwalk during summertime.	A path covered by snow.
entailment	A beach boardwalk during summertime.	A hot summer by the beach on the walkway.
neutral	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him.	a singer is on american idol
neutral	A man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray.	A young man with earrings and a mohawk, prepares hamburgers at a fast food restaurant.
contradiction	A man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre.	A man in a red jacket is near a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre.
contradiction	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it.	A couple walks in front of a boat.
neutral	A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back.	A man is hiking outside with a bag on his back.
contradiction	A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back.	A man is outside with no bag on his back.
contradiction	In a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo.	The men have put out a fire.
entailment	In a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo.	The men felled the log in a snowy area.
contradiction	A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	A woman in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.
entailment	A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	A person in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.
entailment	Three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night.	The men are repairing the streets.
neutral	A boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side.	a kid broke his leg
entailment	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is riding his board.
contradiction	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a jump on rollerblades.
neutral	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a trick.
entailment	A man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach.	A Dad and son is playing on the beach.
neutral	Three children are shooting guns in the woods.	Three children are shooting a deer.
neutral	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery.	The hikers have backpacks.
entailment	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery.	The mountain is bare.
neutral	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky.	a woman is taking a picture outdoors
neutral	A woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion.	A woman and two men are having a discussion about freedom.
contradiction	A man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop.	A man is blowing out his birthday cake.
entailment	A man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop.	The adult is shopping for a gift.
entailment	People buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market.	People are shopping for many things at the market.
entailment	Two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house.	The workers are standing on the ground
contradiction	A man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads "poet for hire."	The gentleman is standing by the table.
entailment	A man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads "poet for hire."	The male is a poet.
neutral	People with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building.	Homeless people are walking outside.
contradiction	A balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman.	The man is canoeing down a slowly-moving river, enjoying the noonday sun.
entailment	Indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car.	Race cars
contradiction	Indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car.	People playing racketball
neutral	A young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl.	A family is at the mall
neutral	A young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background.	A child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge.
entailment	She is cooking food while wearing a dress.	A woman in a dress cooks food.
neutral	She is cooking food while wearing a dress.	A woman in a dress prepares a steak.
entailment	A choir practicing in a church.	A group of singers sings.
contradiction	Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired.	The woman looks like she's full of energy.
neutral	A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle.	A young boy wears a helmet and biking boots.
contradiction	A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle.	A young boy is watering some plants.
contradiction	Two children play in the snow by the side of the road.	Toddles are roasting marshmallows.
neutral	Two children play in the snow by the side of the road.	Kids are enjoying the cold weather.
neutral	A man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path.	A man with headphones is biking.
neutral	A man is throwing something into the road.	A man throws salt on a snowy road.
entailment	A skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men, while two other men and a woman prepare to help.	An injured skier being taken for medical help
neutral	Young children play on scaffolding.	Happy children play on scaffolding.
contradiction	Young children play on scaffolding.	Young men play on scaffolding.
entailment	Two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them.	Two men working on the roof of an apartment building
contradiction	A man trying his hardest to climb up a rope.	The man climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs.
contradiction	A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna.	The couple are wearing yellow bandanas.
entailment	A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna.	The people are wearing bandanas.
neutral	A young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake.	A girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake's skin in her hands
entailment	A young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake.	A girl is sitting in a tub with part of a snake.
contradiction	A young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.	The young woman removes her clothes, "I came in like wrecking ball!"
entailment	A young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.	A young woman is playing on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.
neutral	A young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.	The photo is taking place in a gym.
neutral	A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building.	A girl debates eating at a certain restaurant.
neutral	A group of people gather around a truck.	A group of people gather near the monster truck.
entailment	A woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table.	The lady on the table is cutting her sandwhich
contradiction	A woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table.	the lady on the table is leeping
neutral	A woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table.	The lady on the table is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone
neutral	Stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away.	A football game is being played.
neutral	Two men outside of a restaurant.	Two men are sitting on the restaurant patio.
entailment	Army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on.	Some of the people here have been in the armed forces.
entailment	A boy splashing through the ocean.	The boy is at the beach.
entailment	A boy splashing through the ocean.	The boy is swimming.
contradiction	Two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor.	There are two women and two sleeping children.
entailment	A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.	A man is singing indoors.
contradiction	A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.	The man is buying a new guitar at the store.
neutral	A photographer carefully sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background.	A man has a camera in the woods.
contradiction	A woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book.	A woman is wearing glasses and a white beanie.
contradiction	A man is dancing in front of a band.	The man is buying groceries.
entailment	A painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus.	A painter is sketching.
neutral	A painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus.	A painter is doing a watercolor painting.
entailment	A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.	A man is carrying a little girl off the ground.
neutral	A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.	A man is carrying his daughter above his head.
contradiction	A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.	A man is playing Monopoly with a little girl.
contradiction	As a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee.	A player falls face first
contradiction	A young football player watches a game with his coach.	A basketball player watches a game.
entailment	Two boys run to the entryway of an old building.	Two young men are in a hurry.
contradiction	Two boys run to the entryway of an old building.	A couple of children are eating popsicles at a birthday party.
entailment	A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background.	The ladies are all seated.
neutral	The dogs are playing on the bed.	Dogs fighting each other for the chance to sleep on the bed.
contradiction	Four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates.	Kids play outside.
contradiction	A woman is observing pictures on a camera.	A women cradling a baby.
contradiction	A mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs.	Two fathers maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer.
entailment	A mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs.	A woman protects her child from the sun as they walk to an upper level of a building.
neutral	A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.	A man is playing a brown guitar
contradiction	A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.	The man is also playing the drums
entailment	Two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor.	The floor is made of wood.
neutral	a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A woman is drinking.
entailment	a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A woman in a pink tank top holding a mug.
contradiction	A race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures.	People are watching a ball game.
neutral	Two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall.	Two girls hiding behind a wall.
entailment	Two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall.	Girls standing up against a wall.
entailment	The dog's mouth is open like he is yawning.	a dog is yawning
contradiction	The dog's mouth is open like he is yawning.	a dog is running
contradiction	a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench.	A bench rests on a man
neutral	a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench.	A person rests on seat
neutral	A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something.	A woman in a gray shirt looking at her book.
neutral	A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something.	A woman in a gray shirt looking onward.
entailment	A woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog.	A woman is playing with her dog.
contradiction	A man holding girl at top of a slide	A man with a girl on a swing.
neutral	A man holding girl at top of a slide	A man telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde.
contradiction	Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street.	Some kids eat dinner with their families.
neutral	A city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians.	The traffic is busy.
entailment	A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off.	A woman is wearing only one shoe.
neutral	This man is working with an I-pad.	the man is typing a paper
contradiction	This man is working with an I-pad.	the man has a pc
neutral	two little girls dancing on the floor	Two kids jiving on the dance floor.
neutral	A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by.	The woman is wearing a skirt.
contradiction	A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by.	The woman is blonde.
entailment	A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by.	A woman is wearing a white shirt.
contradiction	A public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone.	A man is wearing a suit.
entailment	Men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup.	Men are playing basketball.
entailment	An old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room.	The man is old
neutral	Red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine.	The PR rep fielded questions during the interview.
entailment	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard.	The skateboard is grinding.
contradiction	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard.	The skateboard is resting.
neutral	The players manuever for the soccer ball.	Soccer players play outside.
neutral	A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger.	A female has a bee on her hand.
neutral	A teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something.	somebody saw something in the sky
neutral	A teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something.	no one saw the rainbow in the sky
entailment	A man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day.	The day is hot.
neutral	People in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.	A family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy
contradiction	People in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.	3 people are seated with their backs against each other
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in.	The guy's jacket is red.
neutral	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in.	The guy is wearing a cap.
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in.	A guy is wearing a red jacket.
contradiction	A little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball.	A youngster is paddling a canoe.
contradiction	A little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball.	A boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building.
contradiction	A little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball.	A child is exercising among garbage.
entailment	A young man throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal.	A man throwing a Frisbee.
contradiction	Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, "DEMOS, The Business of Care."	Three humans are practicing their square-dancing moves.
neutral	A cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around.	Humans are outside going to various shopping places.
entailment	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor	Many toys strewn about on the floor.
contradiction	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor	The baby's diaper is full of feces.
neutral	An elderly male is blowing air into an object.	The elderly man  was blowing up a balloon
contradiction	An elderly male is blowing air into an object.	The elderly man gave up blowing air into the object
neutral	A boy plays basketball.	The boy is on a basketball court.
entailment	two dogs run across the woods.	The canines run around in the forest.
entailment	A young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street.	The young Asian couple are walking together.
entailment	Boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station.	A boy is sitting at a train station.
neutral	A young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand.	The children there together.
entailment	A young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand.	The girl in wearing a bathing suit.
contradiction	A shirt booth with a man printing a shirt.	The man is printing some pants.
entailment	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.	Hikers in the mountains.
entailment	Child getting ready to go down a slide.	The child is at the top of the slide.
contradiction	Child getting ready to go down a slide.	The child is on a swing.
entailment	A woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background.	The woman wearing the coat is relaxing.
entailment	A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.	The crowd cheers.
entailment	A Caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an ATM machine.	The white woman is using an ATM machine.
neutral	A dog jumping over a beam	An animal is outdoors.
contradiction	A dog jumping over a beam	An animal is lying down.
neutral	A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic.	Construction is being done on the road.
contradiction	A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic.	A road worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic.
contradiction	A man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case.	man is a girl
entailment	In this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal.	a man falls from a bull
neutral	A dog with a collar on lying on the street.	The dog was just hit by a car and is lying in the street.
neutral	A person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket.	a man sits on a couch
contradiction	A woman wearing sunglasses.	A woman is speaking latin.
entailment	A man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing.	The robe is brown.
entailment	A snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder.	A snowboarder is going snowboarding
entailment	A female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike.	A woman riding a bike.
neutral	Little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen.	A young girl in the kitchen makes spicy omelets.
entailment	Little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen.	A young girl flips an omelet.
neutral	A girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.	There is Chinese food on the plate.
contradiction	A boy posing on the soccer field.	The boy is on a baseball field.
entailment	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo.	A boy dressed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo.	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo.	A boy alien dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
contradiction	A young man does tricks on his skateboard.	Two girls sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead.
neutral	A young man does tricks on his skateboard.	A guy rolls forward.
entailment	A young man does tricks on his skateboard.	A youth engages in athleticism.
contradiction	While traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket.	A man rests on a womans shoulder
neutral	While traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket.	A man's wife lays on his shoulder
contradiction	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand.	A basketball player dunking the ball.
neutral	A young boy in suspenders.	The boy's suspenders are blue.
entailment	A young boy in suspenders.	The boy has suspenders attached to his pants.
entailment	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow.	A dog plays in the winter.
contradiction	Many people on the beach holding a very large net.	The people are playing ice hockey on a pond as the snow begins to fall.
contradiction	A person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view.	The person is indoors.
entailment	A boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.	A person stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.
contradiction	A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background.	there is a guy carrying his pet with him near fallen tree
contradiction	An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background.	An officer enjoys coffee in a shop.
entailment	A woman holding a newborn baby.	woman holds her new baby
entailment	The small dog is running across the lawn.	A mammal is running through the yard.
neutral	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.	A dog is pulling a sled with bags.
entailment	A half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk.	A man is asleep
neutral	A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball.	Guys are playing shirts vs skins.
entailment	A barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive.	A barber waits for business.
entailment	Two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two women stand in a kitchen.
contradiction	The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.	A man wearing pink is next to the blue fence.
entailment	A bird is perched on a tree branch.	A bird is perching in a tree.
neutral	A young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street.	A young man is resting.
neutral	Three children in a black dog kennel.	Kids are in a cage.
contradiction	By a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device.	Members of congress opening care packages.
entailment	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field.	A couple is farming with their pet buffalo.
contradiction	Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.	The boys had sandwiches.
neutral	Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.	Lilly and Sally were laughing while eating lunch.
neutral	Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.	Lilly and Sally were eating lunch.
contradiction	A city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background.	The cathedral is small.
entailment	A young girl in a black leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a young man spots her.	The young girl is wearing a black leotard
contradiction	A black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing.	Two men sit and enjoy lunch together.
neutral	A black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing.	One man pounds another as they box.
contradiction	A man holds two children in his arms.	A man with his two children running in front of him.
contradiction	A man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water.	A woman leans against a fence
contradiction	Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.	Several women jump in a pool and splash each other.
contradiction	two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.	The children are yelling loudly.
entailment	two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.	Two young children are whispering to each other.
entailment	A short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.	a man plays a saxophone
contradiction	A large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone.	The man is in the fountain.
neutral	A large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone.	The fountain has running water.
contradiction	Two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone.	The women are next to a big elementary school
entailment	Two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone.	The two women are taking care of a herd of animals
entailment	A Man is eating food next to a child on a bench.	Man eating on a bench near a child.
neutral	A Man is eating food next to a child on a bench.	Man eating his food while sitting with his daughter.
contradiction	A large African American man sitting on a camping chair.	the large black man is running a race
entailment	A large African American man sitting on a camping chair.	The large black man is relaxing in the chair
contradiction	A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.	A boy in a purple shirt.
neutral	A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.	A blonde boy in a white shirt.
contradiction	A group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns.	Gerbils chat on Gruveo.
entailment	Eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction.	The attraction drew the attention of the tourists
entailment	A group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right.	The woman is walking away from the group.
neutral	Little boy peering into a glass display case.	A trophy is in the case
contradiction	Little boy peering into a glass display case.	a girl is walking
contradiction	A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.	The man is at a school
contradiction	Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.	The children are playing in an amusement park.
entailment	Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.	The children are playing in the sand.
entailment	A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.	A man sees something while in a park.
neutral	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air.	The snowboarder has never tried this jump before.
contradiction	A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket.	A woman reaches into a basket at a store
entailment	A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket.	A man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat
contradiction	An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.	An emergency worker is at the beach.
entailment	An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.	An emergency worker helps outdoors.
neutral	The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.	A girl is playing outside on a swing.
neutral	The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.	The girl is swinging at the park.
contradiction	A man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech.	a man sits shyly near a bride
contradiction	A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall.	A young woman is standing and staring at a painted mural.
neutral	A man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits.	a man takes a picture of the pile of fruits
neutral	A man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits.	a man stands in front of a small banana pile
neutral	A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse.	The person is riding a brown horse.
contradiction	A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse.	The person is on a camel.
contradiction	A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.	A man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people.
contradiction	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party.	Birds are migrating to a new place.
contradiction	A child being watched while getting something out of a tank.	The tank is getting something out of the child.
neutral	A child being watched while getting something out of a tank.	The tank is filled with water.
neutral	A boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes.	A boy admires a woman.
contradiction	A boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes.	A woman is checking out the men.
contradiction	A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking.	The woman is doing a speech.
neutral	A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking.	The man is talking to himself.
contradiction	An African-American male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board.	A boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood.
neutral	A skier is heading into a grove of trees.	The man, an amateur skier, has tried a ski run that is too hard and is careening out of control down the hill.
entailment	A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill.	A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered land form.
contradiction	A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire.	A guy in cloth pants and shirt is wearing something on his face to protect hist lungs puts out a fire.
neutral	A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire.	A guy in pants and shirt wearing a face mask to breath through fools around with a fire.
entailment	People landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway.	People are caring for their lawns
neutral	People landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway.	People are planting daisies
contradiction	two men play basketball.	Two friends are eating lunch
entailment	women's soccer team competing on the field.	A women's soccer game.
neutral	Kids play in the water in the middle of the street.	Kids are laughing and playing.
entailment	A woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight.	A woman rests on a bench in the day
contradiction	A man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a "just thrown a bowling ball" stance.	The bandana is expensive.
neutral	Two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag.	The friends are playing with paper and bags.
contradiction	A little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade.	There is a boy collecting candy from a man in a clown costume.
contradiction	A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag.	The men are wearing blue uniforms and wrestling in a competition.
entailment	A bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net.	Someone is preparing to catch fish.
contradiction	An impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water.	An individual is playing guitar on the streets.
contradiction	The older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.	A man is kicking some rocks.
neutral	The older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.	A woman is using a hammer to make something.
contradiction	A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled "LUCKY" full of bills.	A woman is wearing black sunglasses and holding a black suitcase.
entailment	A woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on.	A woman is wearing a black coat
neutral	Three kids in a forest standing on a tree log.	Children enjoying nature.
neutral	Three kids in a forest standing on a tree log.	Children crossing stream in forest.
neutral	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.	A group of girls shake pom poms.
contradiction	A group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.	The girl was running.
neutral	A group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.	The boy was caught stealing.
entailment	A group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.	The boy started running.
contradiction	A man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.	Two women embrace on the sidewalk.
neutral	A man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.	A woman and a man block the entire sidewalk.
contradiction	A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background.	A girl is on a bus going to get her groceries
neutral	A man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone.	A colonel speaks into the microphone.
contradiction	A man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone.	A woman soldier speaks into the microphone.
contradiction	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.	Some workers are digging at a construction site.
contradiction	A couple sits in the grass.	A couple is at a restaurant.
contradiction	two male's in a karate class, one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face.	two people do jump kicks
entailment	A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard.	The man holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard.
neutral	A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard.	The man in the gray t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard; too much drinking, I guess.
contradiction	A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.	The duck kept it's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fish.
entailment	A group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor.	A gorup of girl is junping over each other.
neutral	A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant.	A woman prepare a lunch in restaurant
entailment	A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant.	A woman in restaurant
neutral	A older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair.	A busker is wearing a hat.
contradiction	A older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair.	A man is playing guitar.
contradiction	Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy.	The gondola operators are in the water, pushing their boats.
neutral	Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy.	The gondola operators are in uniform.
neutral	A boy drags his sled through the snow.	a boy drags a sled up the hill
neutral	A man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer.	Two men are playing on a street corner.
neutral	A female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture.	A girl is dancing and anothe man take a photo
neutral	Two women are observing something together.	Two women are looking at a flower together.
